E-Government
Survey 2024
Technical Appendix

A

2024 UN E-Government Survey

B

Department of Economic and Social Affairs

UNITED NATIONS
E-GOVERNMENT

SURVEY 2024
Technical Appendix

UNITED NATIONS
New York, 2024
https://publicadministration.un.org/en/
publicadministration.un.org/egovkb/en-us/
i

2024 UN E-Government Survey

ii

Disclaimers

United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs
The Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat is a vital interface between
global policies in the economic, social and environmental spheres and national action. The Department
works in three main interlinked areas: (i) it compiles, generates and analyses a wide range of economic,
social and environmental data and information on which States Members of the United Nations draw to
review common problems and to take stock of policy options; (ii) it facilitates the negotiations of Member
States in many intergovernmental bodies on joint course of action to address ongoing or emerging
global challenges; and (iii) it advises interested Governments on the ways and means of translating policy
frameworks developed in United Nations conferences and summits into programmes at the country level
and, through technical assistance, helps build national capacities.

Disclaimers
The terms ‘country’ and ‘economy’ as used in this Report refer, as appropriate, to territories or areas; the
designations employed and the presentation of the material do not imply the expression of any opinion
whatsoever on the part of the Secretariat of the United Nations concerning the legal status of any country,
territory, city or area or of its authorities, or concerning the delimitation of its frontiers or boundaries. In
addition, the designations of country groups are intended solely for statistical or analytical convenience
and do not express a judgement about the stage of development reached by a particular country or area
in the development process. Reference to companies and their activities should not be construed as an
endorsement by the United Nations of those companies or their activities.
Information on uniform resource locators and links to websites contained in the present publication are
provided for the convenience of the reader and are correct as of the time of writing. The United Nations takes
no responsibility for the continued accuracy of that information or for the content of any external website.
The views expressed in this publication are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect those of
the United Nations or its senior management, or of the experts whose contributions are acknowledged
Copyright © United Nations, 2024
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in retrieval system or transmitted, in any
form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without prior permission.
ST/ESA/PAD/SER.E/218
Sales no: E.24.II.H.1
PRINT ISBN: 9789210032667
PDF ISBN: 9789211067286
EPUB ISBN: 9789211067293
Print ISSN: 2411-8257
Online ISSN (eISSN): 2411-829X
United Nations E-Government Surveys:
2024 Accelerating Digital Transformation for Sustainable Development
2022 The Future of Digital Government
2020 Digital Government in the Decade of Action for Sustainable Development
2018 Gearing E-Government to support transformation towards sustainable and resilient societies
2016 E-Government for Sustainable Development
2014 E-Government for the Future We Want
2012 E-Government for the People
2010	Leveraging E-Government at a Time of Financial and Economic Crisis
2008 From E-Government to Connected Governance
2005 From E-Government to E-Inclusion
2004 Towards Access for Opportunity
2003 World Public Sector Report: E-Government at the Crossroads
2001 Benchmarking E-Government: A Global Perspective
Website: publicadministration.un.org/egovkb/en-us/
Layout: Clung Wicha Press Co., Ltd., Thailand
Cover Design: Division for Public Institutions and Digital Government, UN DESA
Photo credit: shutterstock.com
Printed at the United Nations, New York
iii

2024 UN E-Government Survey

Contents
Technical Appendix
1.

2.

Introduction

1

1.1

2

Preparatory process for the 2024 E-Government Survey

E-Government Development Index: an overview

2

3.

Online Services Index

4

4.

E-Participation Index

6

5.

Telecommunications Infrastructure Index

7

6.

Human Capital Index

9

7.

Member States Questionnaire

11

8. 	Local Online Services Index
8.1

What has changed in the 2024 LOSI?

11
12

8.2	LOSI assessment methodology

12

8.3	LOSI Network

13

9. 	Local Government Questionnaire

13

10.

E-Government Survey process workflow

14

10.1 Volunteer training and data collection phase

14

10.2 Discrepancy review phase

14

10.3 Data quality assurance

15

10.4 Data analysis

16

11. 	Challenges in reviewing the online presence of national and local governments

16

11.1 Methodology limitations

16

11.2 Multiple channels for public services delivery and the rapid evolution of digital technologies

17

11.3 Measuring e-participation

18

12.

EGDI 2024 Datasets

19

13.

Past editions of the United Nations E-Government Survey

79

14.

Pilot research projects

85

14.1 Open Government Data Index

85

14.2	Complex Network Analysis

90

14.3	Complex network analysis: additional information

96

Addendum on Artificial Intelligence

109

15.

16.	List of UN online research volunteers, responding countries and cities to MSQ and LGQ

112

List of boxes

iv

Box 1

Affordability subindices within the TII

8

Box 2

E-government literacy

10

Box 3 	List of the criteria adopted for data QA

15

Box 4

93

Distribution of 2024 E-government Development Index (EGDI) in 2022 clusters

Contents

(continued)

List of tables
Table 1	LOSI subindices

12

Table 2

19

Regional groupings for E-Government Development Index (EGDI) and E-Participation
Table 2.1

E-Government Development Index (EGDI) and E-Participation for Africa region

20

Table 2.2

E-Government Development Index (EGDI) and E-Participation for Americas region

22

Table 2.3

E-Government Development Index (EGDI) and E-Participation for Asia region

24

Table 2.4

E-Government Development Index (EGDI) and E-Participation for Europe region

26

Table 2.5

E-Government Development Index (EGDI) and E-Participation for Oceania region

28

Table 3

Economic groupings for E-Government Development Index (EGDI) and E-Participation

29

Table 4

E-Government Development Index (EGDI) of Least Developed Countries (LDCs)

30

Table 5

E-Government Development Index (EGDI) of Landlocked Developing Countries (LLDCs)

32

Table 6

E-Government Development Index (EGDI) of Small Island Developing States (SIDS)

34

Table 7

Online Service Index (OSI) and its components

36

Table 8

Online Service Index (OSI) features accessed

44

Table 9

E-participation Index and its components

46

Table 10

Human Capital Index (HCI) and its components

54

Table 11

Telecommunications Infrastructure Index (TII) and its components

61

Table 12	Local Online Service Index and its components

70

Table 13	Local Online Service Index (OSI) Features accessed in E-government Survey 2024

78

Table 14

Past editions of the United Nations E-Government Survey

79

Table 15

Open Government Data Index (OGDI)

86

Table 16	List of the 278 selected Sustainable Development Goals used to build the Member States 		
similarity network
96
Table 17

Most and least similar states in the complex network built from selected indicators, 			
with the related Pearson correlation values
104

Table 18

Selected list of United Nations Artificial Intelligence initiatives

109

Table 19	List of online researchers

112

Table 20

Responding countries to Member States Questionnaire (MSQ)

114

Table 21

Responding cities to Local Government Questionnaire (LGQ)

115

List of figures
Figure 1

The three components of the E-Government Development Index (EGDI)

3

Figure 2

EGDI rating classes

4

Figure 3

The five subindices of the Online Services Index

5

Figure 4

E-participation framework

6

Figure 5

The four subindices of the Telecommunications Infrastructure Index

8

Figure 6

The five subindices of the Human Capital Index

10

Figure 7

Scheme representing the workflow of the complex network analysis, and map representing 		
grouping of countries into four development clusters

92

Figure 8

The list of countries grouped by development clusters according to the 2024 EGDI study

95

v

2024 UN E-Government Survey

vi

Technical
Appendix

Technical Appendix
Explore the interactive United Nations E-government Knowledgebase (UNeGovKB) to review,
organize and print information from the United Nations E-Government Survey. The link can be used
to download copies of all Surveys, from 2001 up to the most recent 2024 edition. Use the link or QR
code to access the online interactive Knowledgebase.
https://publicadministration.un.org/egovkb

1. Introduction
The United Nations E-Government Survey 2024 marks the 13th edition of the United Nations’
comprehensive evaluation of the digital government landscape across all 193 Member States.
Building on over two decades of research, this Survey ranks countries using the United Nations
E-Government Development Index (EGDI), which combines primary data from the United Nations
Department of Economic and Social Affairs with secondary data from other UN agencies.
This edition delves into global and regional digital government trends, emphasizing the accelerated
digital transformation in the post-pandemic era. It introduces the new Digital Government Model
Framework, offering a methodological guide for planning and evaluating digital government
initiatives. Additionally, the Survey includes an assessment of local e-government development
through the United Nations Local Online Service Index (LOSI) and explores the integration of artificial
intelligence (AI) in e-government.
Instead of the extensive annexes featured in previous editions, the 2024 Survey is accompanied by a
separate technical appendix. The 2024 United Nations E-Government Survey appendix provides the
datasets of a comprehensive evaluation of digital government across Member States, detailing the
preparatory process, the key indices that constitute the E-Government Development Index (EGDI),
and the methodologies used. The appendix covers the Online Services Index, Telecommunications
Infrastructure Index, Human Capital Index, and E-Participation Index, alongside a deep dive into
the Local Online Services Index (LOSI), including its updated methodology and changes in 2024.
The process workflow highlights volunteer training, data collection, and quality assurance. The
appendix also addresses challenges such as methodology limitations, the rapid evolution of digital
technologies, and declining Member States’ response rates.
Additionally, it includes insights from a pilot study on Open Government Data and explores Complex
Network Analysis.

Technical Appendix
1

Technical
Appendix

2024 UN E-Government Survey

1.1 Preparatory process for the 2024 E-Government Survey
The preparations for the 2024 Survey included two expert group meetings during which participants
exchanged views, endeavoured to ensure the alignment of the Survey with current trends and the
2030 Agenda, offered key recommendations highlighting the connections between the United
Nations E-Government Development Index (EGDI) and the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs),
reevaluated the weights assigned to EGDI components and subindices, and proposed new subindices
relating to connection quality, cost and e-government literacy.
The meeting participants also reviewed the methodology for the Local Online Services Index (LOSI),
offering suggestions on how to capture national-level services and unique local characteristics. It was
proposed that a road map be produced outlining short-, medium-, and long-term methodological
changes, including pilot projects and partnerships. The meeting underscored the necessity for
continuous improvement to ensure that the Survey remains a relevant tool for assessing progress in
digital government development.

2. E-Government Development Index: an overview
The EGDI is a composite measure that assesses a country’s readiness, capacity and progress in using
e-government for the provision of public services. It has become an essential tool for benchmarking
the development of e-government services worldwide.
The EGDI incorporates three key dimensions or components, each represented by its own index; the
Online Services Index (OSI) evaluates the scope and quality of online services; the Telecommunications
Infrastructure Index (TII) quantifies the development status of the telecommunications infrastructure,
and the Human Capital Index (HCI) measures the development of human capital.
The EGDI is calculated as the equally weighted average of the normalized values of these three
indices, and each index can be independently extracted and analysed to provide a more detailed
understanding of a country’s e-government development in specific areas.
EGDI = 1 (OSInoramalized + TIInormalized + HCInormalized
3

Before the three component indicators are normalized, each one undergoes a Z-score standardization
procedure.
This step ensures that the overall EGDI is equally influenced by the three component indices,
meaning that each index has a comparable variance after Z-score standardization. Without this
standardization function, the EGDI would primarily be determined by the component index with
the greatest dispersion. By applying Z-score standardization, the arithmetic average sum becomes a
reliable statistical indicator, where “equal weights” genuinely represent “equal importance” in the
calculation of the final EGDI value.
This process guarantees that the three components – online services, telecommunications
infrastructure, and human capital – contribute equally to the overall assessment of a country’s
e-government development.

2

Technical
Appendix

Figure 1

The three components of the E-Government Development Index (EGDI)

HCI
1/3

EGDI

OSI
1/3

Online Services Index (OSI)
Telecommunications Infrastructure Index (TII)
Human Capital Index (HCI)

TII
1/3

The standard Z-score calculation for each component indicator follows this formula:

where:

𝑍  = 

𝑥–𝜇
𝜎

𝑍  represents the standard Z-score for the component indicator

𝑥 is the raw score that needs to be standardized
𝜇  denotes the mean (average) of the population

𝜎 signifies the standard deviation of the population

The composite value of each component index is normalized to fall within the range of 0 to 1, and
the overall EGDI value is calculated by taking the arithmetic average of the three component indices.
Countries are grouped into four levels based on their EGDI values. The inclusive value ranges for
these levels are as follows: very high EGDI values range from 0.7500 to 1.000, high EGDI values
range from 0.5000 to 0.7499, middle EGDI values range from 0.2500 to 0.4999, and low EGDI
values range from 0.0000 to 0.2499. References to these ranges in the E-Government Survey are
rounded for the sake of clarity.
To provide a more nuanced analysis of performance within each EGDI level, these groups are further
divided into four distinct rating classes. The rating classes within the respective EGDI levels are
sequentially classified in descending order, as follows:
VH, V3, V2 and V1 for the very high EGDI group
HV, H3, H2 and H1 for the high EGDI group
MH, M3, M2 and M1 for the middle EGDI group and
	LM, L3, L2 L1 for the low EGDI group (see figure A2).

3

Technical
Appendix

2024 UN E-Government Survey

EGDI rating classes

V2



V1
HV
H3

High EDGI

EGDI
levels

VH 
V3

Very high EDGI



H2




Middle EDGI

H1
MH
M3
M2





M1
LM
L3
L2

Low EDGI



{



L1

{

Figure 2

1.00

0.75

0.50

EGDI
rating
classes

0.25

0.00

By providing a numerical evaluation and ranking of e-government development, the EGDI serves
as a benchmark for the States Members of the United Nations. Although the methodological
framework for EGDI has remained consistent throughout the various editions of the United Nations
E-Government Survey, each edition has been adapted to reflect the latest trends in e-government
strategies, the evolving understanding of best practices in e-government, advancements in
technology, and other relevant factors. Furthermore, data collection practices have undergone
periodic refinements to ensure that the most accurate and up-to-date information is captured. The
EGDI methodology primarily uses the “donor imputation” method, which replaces missing values
in a record with corresponding earlier values from a complete and valid record. The EGDI 2024
datasets, including specific breakdowns for Regional and Economic Groupings, Least Developed
Countries (LDCs), Landlocked Developing Countries (LLDCs), and Small Island Developing States
(SIDS), can be found in Section 11 of this appendix.

3. Online Services Index
The OSI, a proprietary quantitative index developed by UN DESA, evaluates e-government services
provision across the 193 Member States. Based on responses to a comprehensive OSI questionnaire
about each country’s national government portal and key ministerial websites, this vital metric assesses
how Governments leverage digital technologies to enhance e-governance and public engagement.
A nuanced scoring system is employed for OSI assessment. For most features, a binary approach is
used; readily accessible elements receive a score of 1, while a score of 0 is assigned for absent or
inaccessible features. This straightforward method provides a clear, evidence-based snapshot of a
country’s online services landscape. However, for questions relating to the ability of users to complete
government services transactions, a more detailed scale is applied, with scores ranging from 0 to 2;
0 indicates no online service or information, 1 signifies available information but offline transaction
completion, and 2 denotes fully online information and transaction capabilities, including payment
and document receipt.
This refined scoring approach captures the varying degrees of digital services maturity across
countries, offering a comprehensive view of e-government development. By evaluating both the
presence of online features and the depth of transactional capabilities, the OSI provides a nuanced
understanding of how effectively Governments are embracing digital governance to serve their
constituents.
4

Technical
Appendix

The 2024 E-Government Survey retains the successful OSI calculation introduced in 2022. The OSI
assessment questions are categorized into five discrete thematic areas reflected in five subindices
– institutional framework (IF), services provision (SP), content provision (CP), technology (TEC), and
e-participation (EPI) – with the OSI calculated based on the normalized values for each subindex. This
structure enables a more comprehensive and nuanced evaluation of online services delivery.
The OSI questionnaire, which captures accumulated values, undergoes regular updates to reflect the
dynamic nature of digital government and to measure global advancements in content and services
provision, technology, citizen engagement, and policy and institutional frameworks.
The number of questions (indicators) in the OSI survey increased from 180 in 2022 to 183 in 2024,
reflecting the tool’s evolving complexity. For a comprehensive list of the indicators measured for the
OSI 2024, see section 11 of this appendix.
To ensure OSI 2024 comparability with the 2022 data sets, the weight assigned to each subindex
remains the same as in the previous edition, where it was determined based on the proportion
of assessment questions within the respective thematic areas (see figure 3). By retaining this
methodology, UN DESA underscores its commitment to providing a reliable, adaptable metric for
understanding the evolving landscape of digital government services globally.
Figure 3

The five subindices of the Online Services Index

IF, 10%

Institutional framework, 10% (IF)
Services provision, 45% (SP)

EPI, 35%

Content provision, 5% (CP)

OSI

SP, 45%

Technology, 5% (TEC)
E-participation, 35% (EPI)

TEC, 5%
CP, 5%

The calculation of the OSI maintains its foundation in normalized values for each subindex, employing
consistent standardization and normalization processes. This approach ensures comparability across
successive Surveys while also accommodating refinements that reflect the evolving digital governance
landscape.
Specifically, the scores for questions within each of the five categories (IF, SP, CP, TEC and EPI) are
tallied, and Z-scores are generated for each category and assessed country using the following
formula:
Z-score X =

(X–Mean(X))
ST.DEV(X)

where X represents the respective category. The resulting values are a series of standardized subindices
reflecting online services provision across the primary thematic dimensions.
5

Technical
Appendix

2024 UN E-Government Survey

The overall total score for a given country then becomes the sum of the normalized and weighted
scores for each of the five subindices:
OSIcountry(i)total score = (CPZ-score * CPweight) + (EPIZ-score * EPIweight) + (IFZ-score * IFweight) +
(SPZ-score * SPweight) + (TECZ-score * TECweight) + (CPZ-score * CPweight)

In the final step of the process, the weighted actual scores for each country are normalized, yielding
each assessed country an OSI value between 0 and 1 according to the following formula:
Online Services Index (Country “X”) =

Actual total score-Lowest total score

(Range of total scores for all countries)

where the online index value for a given country is equal to the actual total score less the lowest total
score, divided by the range of total scores for all countries.
A comprehensive list of the features assessed for the 2024 OSI and OSI Datasets are available in
Section 11 of this appendix.

4. E-Participation Index
The EPI, an OSI subindex, is a key part of the EGDI. It evaluates the effectiveness and relevance of
the digital information and services offered by Governments to encourage citizen engagement in
public policy formulation. It is a vital element of e-government assessment that aims to promote
public participation and empowerment using digital tools. As a fundamental aspect of monitoring
e-government development, the EPI consistently assesses how prepared Governments are to “ensure
responsive, inclusive, participatory and representative decision-making at all levels” (SDG target
16.7).
The EPI has been a crucial component of the Survey since 2003 and remains anchored to a
comprehensive framework that employs a three-point scale to differentiate between deliberate
actions taken by the Government in three key areas: the e-information indicator assesses government
efforts to provide the public with information on significant aspects of public life; the e-consultation
indicator evaluates government initiatives aimed at engaging the public in policy matters and/or
services delivery consultations at various stages of the process; and e-decision-making measures
the government commitment to incorporating and reflecting people’s input in decision-making
processes (see figure 4).
Figure 4

E-participation framework

E-Information
Enabling participation by providing citizens with public
information and access to information without or upon
demand

E-information
Websites, social media

Transparency

Inclusion

EPI
E-consultation

Consultations on draft
policies and digital
deliberation forums

Empowerment

E-decisionmaking
E-voting and enterprise
resource planning
systems

E-consultation
Engaging citizens by facilitation contributions to and
deliberations on public policies and services
E-decision-making
Empower citizens through the co-design of policy options
and co-production of service components and delivery
modalities
Source: 2022 E-government Survey, p.200

6

Note: This illustration outlines the United Nations E-Government Survey’s three key e-participation elements: e-information,
e-consultation, and e-decision making. It also showcases the potential outcomes of implementing these concepts and suggests relevant
tools for each aspect.

Technical
Appendix

To assess these three key areas, the Survey evaluates government portals and websites for the
presence or absence of specific features. These include the integration of participatory budgeting or
similar mechanisms; the availability of open government data in general and for six crucial sectors
closely linked to SDG implementation (education, employment, environment, health, justice, and
social protection); evidence of co-creation or co-production mechanisms for collaborative services
provision; indications that people’s voices are heard in discussions and decision-making processes
related to the formulation and adoption of policies on issues concerning vulnerable populations;
and evidence of online consultations (via e-forums, e-polls, e-questionnaires, or other e-participation
tools) designed to facilitate the engagement of people in vulnerable situations.
As a comparative measure, the EPI allows countries to reflect on where they stand relative to other
countries in the deployment of e-participation mechanisms. The Index does not aim to prescribe
specific practices but rather provides insights into how different countries utilize online tools to foster
interaction between the Government and its citizens, as well as among the people themselves, for
the benefit of all.
It is important to note that the EPI is a qualitative assessment based on the availability and relevance of
participatory services offered on government websites. As such, the comparative ranking of countries
is primarily for illustrative purposes and serves as an indicator of general trends in promoting citizen
engagement.
To calculate the EPI mathematically, the total score for a given country is normalized by subtracting
the lowest total score of any country in the Survey and then dividing the result by the range of total
scores across all countries, as follows:
E-Participation Index (Country X) =

Total score (Country X) – Lowest total score
Highest total score-Lowest total score)

The e-participation ranking of countries is determined by their EPI values using the “standard
competition ranking” method. In this ranking system, countries with identical EPI values receive the
same ranking number, and a gap is left in the ranking numbers. This approach ensures that if two or
more countries tie for a position in the ranking, the positions of all those ranked below them remain
unaffected. Consider a scenario in which country A ranks ahead of B and C, the latter two have the
same EPI value, and all three countries score higher than country D. In this case, country A would
be ranked first, countries B and C would both be ranked second, and country D would be ranked
fourth.
EPI features assessed and datasets are available in Section 11 of this appendix.

5. Telecommunications Infrastructure Index
By assessing the existing information and communications technology (ICT) infrastructure, the TII
plays a vital role in ascertaining a country’s capacity for e-government development, as a strong
infrastructure is essential for delivering digital services and facilitating online interactions between
government and citizens.
The 2024 E-Government Survey has introduced a significant enhancement to the TII, replacing
the fixed broadband subscriptions indicator with a new affordability indicator to complement
the three existing subindices (estimated number of Internet users per 100 inhabitants, number of
mobile subscriptions per 100 inhabitants, and number of wireless broadband subscriptions per 100
inhabitants).

7

Technical
Appendix

2024 UN E-Government Survey

This replacement was necessary due to the increasing difficulty in collecting reliable data on
fixed broadband subscriptions from Member States. The new affordability indicator allows for a
more accurate assessment of how easily citizens can financially access ICT services, particularly in
relation to their income levels. This improvement was made possible by the recent release from the
International Telecommunication Union (ITU) of a comprehensive data set of indicators that measure
affordability for all Member States. The change also aligns with past recommendations from expert
group meetings and Member States.
Methodologically, affordability was integrated into the TII as a composite of two subindices, mobile
broadband data and voice high-consumption basket price and fixed-broadband Internet basket
price, expressed as a percentage of gross national income (GNI) for each Member State (see box 1).

Box 1

Affordability subindices within the TII
• Mobile broadband data and voice high-consumption basket price as a percentage of gross
national income (GNI) per capita. This basket refers to the cheapest mobile broadband
plan (and add-on) providing at least 2 GB of monthly data using at least 3G technology,
140 minutes of voice, and 70 SMS messages.
• Fixed-broadband Internet basket price as a percentage of GNI per capita. Fixed-broadband
(wired) Internet traffic is traffic generated by fixed-broadband subscribers and measured
at the end-user access point. Such traffic should be measured by tallying up download
and upload traffic; this should exclude wholesale traffic, walled garden, Internet Protocol
television (IPTV) and cable TV traffic. The indicator is calculated by dividing fixed-broadband
Internet traffic by total fixed-broadband subscriptions.
Source: ITU, Measuring Digital Development: ICT Development Index 2024 (Geneva, 2024). p. 37, available at https://www.itu.int/
dms_pub/itu-d/opb/ind/D-IND-ICT_MDD-2024-3-PDF-E.pdf

As in past years, the TII is calculated based on the average composite of four equally weighted
subindices (see figure 5). The data for all subindices were sourced from ITU on 14 February 2024.

Figure 5

The four subindices of the Telecommunications Infrastructure Index

AM
1/4

AF
1/4

Affordability (AF)
Internet users (percentage of population) (IU)
Mobile subscriptions per 100 inhabitants (MS)

TII
MS
1/4

8

Active mobile-broadband subscriptions per 100
inhabitants (AM)

IU
1/4

Technical
Appendix

When raw data were processed for the TII, the most recently available data from ITU were used to fill
in any missing values for the subindices. Following the data standardization methods applied in the
previous two E-Government Surveys, a maximum limit of 120 per cent was set for raw data from ITU
on mobile/cellular telephone subscriptions and active mobile broadband subscriptions. Upper and
lower limits were set for the affordability data to facilitate comparison across countries, while the
percentage of Internet users was kept in its original form using the figures provided directly by ITU.
Subsequently, a Z-score was calculated for each subindex. The TII composite value was then derived
by taking the arithmetic mean of the Z-scores for the four subindices, as follows:
Telecommunications Infrastructure Index composite value =
Average (Internet users Zscore + mobile or cellular telephone subscriptions Zscore +
active mobile broadband subscriptions Zscore + affordabilty Zscore

The TII value for each country was then computed by normalizing the TII composite value (taking the
composite value for a given country, subtracting the lowest composite value in the same data set,
and dividing by the range of composite values for all countries), as follows:
TII (Country “X”) =

Composite value (Country X) – Lowest composite value
Highest composite value – Lowest composite value

The TII datasets can be accessed in Section 11 of this appendix.

6. Human Capital Index
The HCI is the EGDI component that reflects the human dimension of e-government, underscoring
the importance of linking digital government systems to the ability of citizens to utilize them.
By assessing literacy rates and other education-related indicators, the HCI gauges a population’s
readiness to engage with and benefit from e-government initiatives.
For the 2024 Survey, the HCI has been significantly enhanced by the addition of a new subindex –
e-government literacy (EGL) – to complement the four existing subindices (see figure 6). The four
subindices from the 2022 Survey, all sourced from UNESCO, include adult literacy rate; combined
primary, secondary and tertiary gross enrolment ratio; expected years of schooling; and average years
of schooling.
The EGL subindex, developed in-house using data from national portal assessments, measures
digital literacy skills, which play a crucial role in the effective implementation and utilization of
e-government services. As Governments continue to digitalize their operations, the ability people
to engage with digital platforms has become increasingly important. EGL goes beyond merely
enabling citizens to access online services; it empowers them to participate more fully in digital
governance, provide feedback, and engage in civic processes online. By assessing digital literacy
levels, Governments can develop tailored digital strategies, identify areas for improvement in user
interface design, and develop targeted digital skills training programmes. The incorporation of this
indicator provides a more comprehensive view of a country’s readiness for and potential to benefit
from digital government initiatives (see box 2).

9

Technical
Appendix

2024 UN E-Government Survey

Box 2

E-government literacy
• In its 2024 edition, the United Nations E-Government Survey introduces e-government
literacy (EGL) as new area of assessment. As a subindex of the HCI, the EGL measures
the ability of all segments of the population, especially vulnerable groups, to take full
advantage of available e-government services and e-participation opportunities.
• The EGL measures the level of e-government literacy within a country by assessing key
features on government portals.
• EGL features accessed are:   Internal search mechanism, Online user support, Social
Networking features, Live chat support with a person, Privacy policy, Information on online
services use, Digital identity management, Facilitation of free Internet access, Open data
metadata, User Guidance, Service Personalization, Co-creation and/or Co-production (In
Health, education, social protection, employment, environment and Justice) and Access to
physical spaces.
Source: Chapter 1 of the present Survey.

With the improved HCI structure, all five subindices contribute equally to the HCI component,
allowing for a more even influence of the indicators; this represents a departure from the HCI
weighting approach applied in the 2022 E-Government Survey.
Figure 6

The five subindices of the Human Capital Index

Expected years of schooling (EYS)

EYS
1/5

EGL
1/5

Mean years of schooling (MYS)
Gross enrolment ratio (%) (GER)
Adult literacy (AL)

HCI

AL
1/5

E-government literacy (EGL)

MYS
1/5

GER
1/5

The methodology for calculating this component aligns with the approach employed for the other
EGDI components, where each of the five subindices are first standardized using the Z-score
procedure. Subsequently, the HCI composite value for country X is derived from the arithmetic mean
of the five subindices, with equal weight assigned to each indicator, as follows:

{

10

Human Capital Index composite value
= 1/5 × Adult literacy rate Zscore
+ 1/5
× Gross enrollment
Institutional
framework,
10% (IF)ratio Zscore
+ 1/5 × Estimated years of schooling Zscore
Services +provision,
45%
(SP)of schooling Zscore AM
1/5 × Mean
years
1/4
+ 1/5 × E~government literacy Zscore

AF
1/4

Technical
Appendix

The HCI composite value for each country is then normalized by subtracting the lowest composite
value among all countries in the Survey from the country’s composite value, then dividing the result
by the range of composite values across all countries, as follows:
Human Capital Index (Country X) =

Composite value (Country X) – Lowest composite value
Highest composite value – Lowest composite value

HCI datasets are available in Section 11 of this appendix.

7. Member States Questionnaire
Consistent with previous editions of the Survey, countries were asked through the Member States
Questionnaire (MSQ) to provide the website addresses (URLs) of their national portals as well as
those of various government ministries. The Questionnaire requested information on efforts
supporting e-government development, open government data, e-participation, and the designated
authority responsible for e-government policies. It also included questions relating to institutional
and legal frameworks, strategies, policies, and development plans. Since 2022, 155 Member States
have submitted the MSQ; a total of 110 countries (representing 57 per cent of the United Nations
membership) submitted their responses in 2024.
The 2024 MSQ can be accessed through UN DESA portal at https://publicadministration.un.org/
egovkb
The MSQs provide valuable insights into policy initiatives and implementation details that may not be
immediately apparent from the online portal assessments alone. Robust participation from Member
States in completing and submitting the Questionnaire is essential for ensuring the accuracy and
richness of the EGDI analysis. The comprehensive collection of data enables a thorough and precise
evaluation that reflects the actual progress achieved and challenges faced in the realm of digital
government.
Recent surveys have seen a downward shift in MSQ response patterns. This change in participation
levels affects the depth and breadth of the contextual information available, which is crucial for
ensuring an updated comprehensive analysis of e-government development.
To enhance the accuracy of e-government assessments, it is vital for all Member States to complete
and return the MSQ in a timely manner with all the requested information. This comprehensive data
collection enables DPIDG to perform a thorough and precise evaluation that reflects the genuine
progress achieved and challenges faced in the realm of digital government. Government cooperation
and prompt responses are indispensable for achieving a holistic and reliable assessment of global
e-government development.
The list of responding countries to Member States Questionnaire (MSQ) is available in Table 20 in
section 16 of this appendix.

8. Local Online Services Index
The Local Online Services Index (LOSI) methodology, developed by UN DESA and UNU-EGOV, is
designed to assess the effectiveness of local government portals in the most populous cities of
193 UN Member States. The methodology aims to provide a comprehensive understanding of local
e-government status, support policy development, and improve e-government services at the local
government level. LOSI offers a detailed analysis of how cities are leveraging digital tools to engage
citizens and deliver public services.

11

Technical
Appendix

2024 UN E-Government Survey

In addition to assessing current digital infrastructure, the LOSI methodology identifies critical areas for
improvement, helping local governments enhance their e-government offerings. By benchmarking
the performance of cities, LOSI fosters both competition and collaboration, encouraging local
governments to adopt best practices and achieve higher standards in local e-government. The insights
gained from these assessments contribute to the global dialogue on effective digital transformation
strategies and shape the future direction of local e-government initiatives, ensuring that cities are
better equipped to meet the evolving needs of their populations.

8.1 What has changed in the 2024 LOSI?
The LOSI has undergone some revision to ensure that it continues to provide a comprehensive
assessment of local e-government trends. The number of indicators increased from 86 assessed in
the previous survey to 95 across six key areas: institutional framework, content provision, services
provision, participation and engagement, technology, and newly added subindex e-government
literacy (see Table 1).
Table 1

LOSI subindices
LOSI 2022 indicators

LOSI 2024 indicators

Institutional framework

8

5

Content provision

25

30

Services provision

18

30

Participation and engagement

17

10

Technology

18

10

-

10

86

95

E-government literacy
Total

The addition of e-government literacy aligns the LOSI more closely with the OSI (used to assess
national portals), ensuring consistency in evaluating digital government services at both the local
and national levels. This allows for more in-depth evaluation, emphasizing the importance of digital
skills for citizens using online government services. The assessment now examines critical features of
government websites, aligning with global trends towards increased inclusivity and the preservation
of high technical and accessibility standards.
While the institutional framework dimension remains largely unchanged from 2022, improvements
in content and services provision criteria enable a more comprehensive assessment of the online
offerings of government agencies. The technology dimension, though streamlined to 10 indicators,
continues to focus on key technical aspects such as accessibility, functionality, and adherence to
standards. This refined approach keeps pace with global trends towards increased public engagement
and digital inclusion, building on 2022 foundations while also introducing new elements to reflect
the evolving digital landscape.

8.2 LOSI assessment methodology
The 40 cities surveyed for the 2018 pilot LOSI and the 100 cities surveyed for the 2020 LOSI were
selected based on geographical location and population distribution. All of the world regions were
equitably represented; the number of countries selected from each region was based on the share of
that region’s population in the global population. For the 2022 E-Government Survey, it was decided
that the most populous city, town, municipality or settlement in each of the 193 Member States
would be invited to participate in the LOSI assessment process. This methodology has been applied
for the 2024 Survey as well. The selection process relies on data from the most recent United Nations
12

Technical
Appendix

Demographic Yearbook and The World’s Cities Data Booklet, focusing on the population of the “city
proper” as the sole criterion. This approach ensures consistency and reproducibility in the research
while also focusing on the largest possible “sample size” in assessing the reach of e-government
services. It is important to note that population figures are used only for city selection and do not
influence the assessment of a city’s performance.
For countries relatively small in population or geography such as Monaco, Singapore or small island
developing states (SIDS), where people often have a single point of access to government services,
the LOSI assessment employs an integrated approach. The methodology evaluates all government
digital services from the perspective of the end-user, reflecting the lived experience of residents who
interact with a single, unified government structure.
The city portals are assessed using the computation method from the previous Survey to ensure
continuity and consistency. The scoring system for each indicator remains binary: a city receives a
1 if the feature is present on its website or a 0 if the feature is absent or not found. Cities can also
earn a point for local access by providing a direct link to the relevant national portal. The final LOSI
value is calculated by dividing the city’s total score to new maximum of 95, yielding a value ranging
from 0 to 1.
Although the number of indicators has increased, the LOSI value ranges remain consistent with
previous editions. Based on their respective values, cities are categorized into four levels or groups –
very high (0.7500 to 1.0000), high (0.5000 to 0.7499), middle (0.2500 to 0.4999), or low (0.0000 to
0.2499). These ranges facilitate the comparison of e-government development levels across different
cities and provide a clear benchmark for progress. Cities within the same LOSI group are considered
to have comparable levels of local e-government development. This classification provides valuable
insights for policymakers, helping them gauge what constitutes good performance and set realistic
targets for short-, medium-, and long-term improvement.
For a comprehensive list of the features assessed for the 2024 LOSI, see Table 13 in Section 11 of
this Appendix.

8.3 LOSI Network
To further extend the reach and impact of LOSI, UN DESA and UNU-EGOV have established
partnerships with various institutions and local governments. These collaborations, formalized
through Memoranda of Understanding (MOUs), enable the application of the LOSI methodology to
multiple cities within individual countries. This approach has significantly expanded the LOSI network,
fostering knowledge sharing and best practices among participating cities. As a result, an increasing
number of urban centers are benefiting from the LOSI methodology, using the insights gained to
enhance their online services and address common challenges in digital governance.
For information on ongoing and completed projects visit the application of LOSI methodology
webpage on UN E-Government Knowledgebase https://publicadministration.un.org/egovkb/en-us/
About/E-Government-at-Local-Level/Application-of-LOSI-methodology-in-countries.

9. Local Government Questionnaire
For the 2024 E-Government Survey, the Local Government Questionnaire (LGQ) was utilized alongside
the LOSI survey to gather supplementary information. Of the 193 most populous cities assessed for
the 2024 LOSI, 51 cities completed the LGQ – a response rate of 26.42 per cent. The LGQ used for
the present Survey can be accessed at https://publicadministration.un.org/egovkb.
The list of responding cities to LGQ is available in Table 21 in section 16 of this appendix.

13

Technical
Appendix

2024 UN E-Government Survey

10. E-Government Survey process workflow
The OSI values for 2024 were calculated based on evaluations performed by 261 online researchers
comprising of 215 new volunteers from the United Nations Volunteers programme, 46 returning
volunteers from past Surveys, and others recruited through Department of Public Institutions and
Digital Government (DPIDG) outreach. These evaluators hailed from 127 different nations and
collectively possessed proficiency in 67 languages. They assessed each country’s national website
using the Survey’s Online Services Questionnaire, conducting evaluations in the respective native
languages to ensure accuracy. For the full list of online researchers, see table 19 in this appendix.

10.1 Volunteer training and data collection phase
For the 2024 E-Government Survey, volunteers attended introductory sessions before being assigned
two pilot tasks simulating the data collection phase. These tasks included one mock OSI assessment
and one mock LOSI assessment of e-government portals. Each volunteer researcher received the
same set of pilot assignments to facilitate quality control and ensure consistent training across the
cohort. To qualify for the data collection phase, participants had to complete and submit the two
mock assessments for review.
During the data collection phase, each qualified participant received personalized research
assignments tailored to their specific capabilities. These assignments involved conducting OSI and
LOSI assessments for one of the 193 United Nations Member States and its most populous city. For
each assigned Member State and city, participants conducted independent research into the provision
of e-government services. The online presence of each Member State was assessed independently by
two researchers proficient in one or more of the official languages of the assessed country.
Researchers relied exclusively on government-affiliated sources and were instructed not to share
their findings or research with third parties, including government affiliates of the assessed Member
States. The aim was to assess and verify the existence of an extensive set of features and online
services relevant to e-government development. Researchers assumed the role of targeted users and
based their responses on whether the assessed features were readily accessible to the average user.

10.2 Discrepancy review phase
Following the data collection phase, all submitted assignments underwent a rigorous review process
to ensure accuracy and consistency. Initially, the assessment platform conducted an automatic check
for discrepancies between the submissions of two volunteers assigned to each country or city. If the
discrepancies were below a defined threshold of 20%, the system allowed the two volunteers to
dispute and negotiate their findings, working together to reach an agreement. If they could not resolve
the differences, the case was escalated to a UN DESA-appointed reviewer for further evaluation. For
discrepancies between 20% and 50%, the system automatically flagged the assessment, returning
it to both volunteers for reassessment. The volunteers were required to conduct a new evaluation to
address and correct the inconsistencies.
Discrepancies exceeding 50% resulted in the automatic disqualification of the assessment. These
cases were immediately escalated to the assigned UN DESA reviewer, who conducted further research
and decided whether to reassign the assessment to a new pair of volunteers or to a different set of
assessors.
Following the initial review by the UN DESA reviewer, assignments were forwarded to a senior UN
DESA reviewer for cross-checking, ensuring a thorough final data quality assurance review before
approval. This established approach guaranteed that each assignment was conducted by independent,
trained researchers equipped with the necessary language skills and an understanding of the social
and political context of the assessed Member State. Internal UN DESA experts in e-government
14

Technical
Appendix

development and online services provision then meticulously reviewed the assignments to prevent
any disparities in the assessment process, the introduction of intentional biases, the submission of
inaccurate information to improve scores, or even potential fraud.
Throughout this process, UN DESA reviewers played a pivotal role by conducting independent
research to verify responses and commissioning additional research from volunteer researchers as
necessary to resolve complex issues and discrepancies. This multi-tiered review system was designed
to ensure the integrity and reliability of the data used in the E-Government Survey.

10.3 Data quality assurance
The quality assurance process (see Box 3) began with checking the consistency of the data against
established historical patterns and group rankings based on the OSI and LOSI values, which measured
the scope and quality of online services. The survey questions were then fine-tuned to stabilize the
data set and ensure alignment with the EGDI data model.
Following the initial calculation of the OSI and LOSI, outliers were subjected to two or more levels
of assessment and supervision. MSQ and LGQ data were utilized for compensation where feasible.
The indices were then recalculated, with detailed analysis conducted on target countries and cities
showing significant changes or improvements.

Box 3

List of the criteria adopted for data QA

• Three levels of assessments/review (volunteers, UN DESA reviewer, UN DESA senior reviewer )
• First check of consistency of data with data patterns (when doable) by group ranking
(OSI/LOSI – VH, H, M, L)
• Fine-tuning of OSI/LOSI questions to stabilize data set and ensure consistency with EGDI/LOSI
data model
• Second check of consistency of data with data patterns by group ranking (OSI/LOSI – VH, H, M, L)
• First calculation of OSI/LOSI
• Three levels of assessment/review of the outliers – compensation using MSQ/LGQ (if doable)
• Second calculation of OSI/LOSI
• Investigation and data analysis of target countries/cities (outliers and specific cases with
significant drop/improvement)
• Random check of OSI/LOSI subset of questions/URLs – compensation using MSQ/LGQ (if doable)
• Third calculation of OSI/LOSI
• Third check of consistency of data with data patterns by group ranking (OSI/LOSI – VH, H, M, L)
• Check of consistency with other international benchmark reports and third-party sources
(MSQ/LGQ)
• Validation of the Dataset for OSI/LOSI
• Recalculation of OSI (final)
• Calculation of EGDI/EPI/LOSI
• Data analysis of target countries (those moving from one group to another)
• Final calculation of EGDI/EPI/LOSI
15

Technical
Appendix

2024 UN E-Government Survey

To further ensure accuracy, a random subset of index questions and URLs were checked, with MSQ
and LGQ data used for compensation if needed. A third calculation of the OSI and LOSI followed,
along with another consistency check against established data patterns and group rankings.
The process also included cross-referencing with international benchmark reports and third-party
sources, with MSQ and LGQ data used to ensure consistency and validate discrepancies. Finally,
the OSI and LOSI were recalculated one last time, incorporating all quality assurance measures and
adjustments.
This comprehensive approach, featuring multiple review levels, external source cross-referencing,
and the strategic use of MSQ and LGQ data, enhanced the overall robustness and reliability of the
E-Government survey findings.

10.4 Data analysis
Following the rigorous quality assurance process, E-Government Survey data were subjected to indepth analysis to extract meaningful insights and pinpoint key trends. This comprehensive analysis
involved comparative evaluations across countries, cities, regions, and income groups, facilitating the
identification of strengths and areas requiring improvement. The analysis also included comparisons
with similar digital government indexes such as the Organization for Economic Co-operation and
Development Digital Government Index.
The analysis extended beyond EGDI and other index-related data. Researchers explored correlations
with the SDGs to assess the alignment of e-government initiatives with the broader 2030 Agenda
framework, recognizing that digital governance is a critical enabler for achieving those global
objectives.
This comprehensive approach was crucial as it helped identify potential factors influencing
e-government progress in the countries and cities assessed, provided a more holistic view of national
and local development, and highlighted areas that might benefit from targeted interventions or
policy initiatives.
Trend analysis was also a crucial aspect of the data examination, enabling the identification of
cities, countries or regions that had made significant progress or experienced setbacks in their
e-government development over time. This longitudinal perspective allowed researchers to evaluate
the effectiveness of e-government strategies and policies and to assess the impact of global events
or technological advancements on e-government adoption and implementation.
The analysis encompassed both quantitative and qualitative approaches, combining statistical methods
with case studies and expert opinions to provide a well-rounded and nuanced understanding of the
e-government landscape. The findings from this analysis are presented in the 2024 E-Government
Survey and constitute a valuable resource for policymakers, researchers and stakeholders involved in
the advancement of e-government initiatives worldwide.

11. Challenges in reviewing the online presence of national and local
governments
11.1 Methodology limitations
The EGDI is a powerful tool for assessing and comparing digital government development across
the 193 Member States, providing a valuable snapshot of digital government capabilities at the
national level. However, because levels of development, geographical characteristics, population
dynamics, geopolitical situations, and other relevant factors vary widely from one country to another,
the EGDI methodology has some limitations in terms of capturing certain aspects of e-government
development.
16

Technical
Appendix

For example, while the EGDI serves as a valuable proxy for assessing digital government development,
it may not fully capture the diverse digital advancements occurring at the State level in large
countries with federal systems. In those countries, State governments play a significant role in digital
development and the provision of services, and levels of digital maturity may differ across the States.
When digital governance is decentralized, the federal-level EGDI assessment may not fully reflect the
digital landscape of the entire country.
In some countries, a considerable portion of digital services are set up and provided by the private
sector rather than government agencies. The involvement of private entities in establishing and
delivering services can skew perceptions of digital government development as a process that
primarily falls within the purview of the public sector.
To address these challenges and ensure a comprehensive evaluation, additional resources such
as MSQs and recent articles and publications are increasingly being used to check and confirm
the quality of the results. This multifaceted approach helps provide a more accurate and nuanced
understanding of digital government development worldwide.
Periodically, updates to the methodology introduce changes that could affect the direct comparability
of current assessments with previous assessments. This is important not only because it affects the
measurement of progress, but also because a decline in value or ranking does not necessarily indicate
a decline in performance.

11.2 Multiple channels for public services delivery and the rapid evolution of digital
technologies
In today’s digital landscape, Governments utilize a wide range of channels to connect with citizens
and provide public services, including websites, mobile applications, social media platforms,
messaging apps, digital identification systems, and emerging technologies such as AI chatbots
and IoT devices. This diversity, while beneficial for engagement, presents significant challenges for
the comprehensive assessment of e-government. Each channel comes with unique features and
capabilities, necessitating tailored evaluation criteria and ad hoc approaches for the researchers.
The EGDI methodology has been updated in every edition to better address emerging challenges
and priorities. However, the evolution of digital technologies and the integration of new platforms
and services are occurring so rapidly that the assessment framework may not be able to keep pace
with these developments and accurately measure the most advanced features of digital government.
Consequently, the EGDI may not fully reflect the progress made, especially by countries implementing
initiatives that integrate the newest technologies or approaches to public services delivery. To mitigate
these limitations, indirect assessment methods are also employed. These include analysing (when
available) MSQ-related data and documentation, service usage statistics, and third-party evaluations,
which can provide additional insights into the effectiveness and reach of digital government services.
These methods can offer valuable supplementary policy information and implementation details,
though they may not fully capture the nuanced capabilities and innovative features of the most
cutting-edge digital government platforms.
The EGDI remains a crucial tool for assessing e-government development, but it must continue to
evolve and incorporate new evaluation strategies so that it accurately reflects the dynamic digital
landscape. Ongoing refinement is essential to ensure that the Index provides a holistic and accurate
measure of e-government progress, capturing both established and emerging technologies in its
scope.

17

Technical
Appendix

2024 UN E-Government Survey

11.3 Measuring e-participation
Assessing engagement on national portals presents unique challenges in e-government evaluation,
particularly when web analytics are not part of the assessment methodology. Without access to
traditional metrics such as page views or user session data, evaluators must rely on alternative
methods to gauge citizen engagement and portal effectiveness.
The main challenge lies in accurately determining how well the portal meets people’s needs,
facilitates services delivery, and promotes interaction with government entities. Evaluators must
focus on observable features, content quality, and the availability of services rather than direct user
interaction data. Additionally, with the diverse range of services offered through these portals – from
information provision to complex application processes – engagement potential can vary significantly
across different sections of the site.

18

High EGDI
High EGDI

Americas

Asia
High EGDI
High EGDI
High EGDI
High EGDI
Middle EGDI

Oceania

World

Small Island Developing States

Land Locked Developing Countries

Least Developed Countries

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Africa

Europe

EGDI Group

0.3547

0.5159

0.5412

0.6382

0.5288

0.8493

0.6989

0.6701

0.4247

EGDI

0.3321

0.4910

0.4075

0.5754

0.4377

0.7835

0.6400

0.5797

0.3861

Online Service Index

0.3539

0.5377

0.5931

0.6896

0.4885

0.9226

0.7739

0.7344

0.4534

Infrastructure Index

Telecommunications

Regional groupings for E-Government Development Index (EGDI) and E-Participation

Regional/Grouping

Table 2

12. EGDI 2024 Datasets

0.3781

0.5190

0.6229

0.6496

0.6603

0.8417

0.6828

0.6961

0.4345

Human Capital Index

0.2620

0.3999

0.3080

0.4893

0.3747

0.7247

0.5403

0.4735

0.2973

E-Partcipation Index

Technical
Appendix

19

20
Eastern Africa
Southern Africa
Eastern Africa
Middle Africa
Western Africa
Western Africa
Western Africa
Western Africa
Eastern Africa
Southern Africa

Ethiopia

Gabon

Gambia

Ghana

Guinea

Guinea-Bissau

Kenya

Lesotho

Middle Africa

Egypt

Equatorial Guinea

Eswatini

High EGDI

Northern Africa

Djibouti

Eritrea

Middle EGDI

Middle Africa
Eastern Africa

Democratic Republic of the Congo

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Low EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle Africa
Western Africa

Côte d'Ivoire

Middle EGDI

Low EGDI

Low EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Low EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

EDGI Group

Congo

Middle Africa
Eastern Africa

Middle Africa

Central African Republic

Comoros

Middle Africa

Cameroon

Chad

Eastern Africa

Burkina Faso
Western Africa

Western Africa

Botswana

Cabo Verde

Southern Africa

Benin

Burundi

Middle Africa
Western Africa

Angola

Sub-Region
Northern Africa

Algeria

M3

H2

M2

M2

H2

M1

H2

M2

H2

L2

M1

H3

M1

M1

H1

M2

M1

L2

L1

M3

H2

LM

M1

H2

MH

M3

H2

Rating Class

157

109

170

160

108

181

121

169

113

190

176

95

174

179

124

166

180

189

193

155

111

183

175

112

146

156

116

Rank

0.4123

0.6314

0.3083

0.4006

0.6317

0.2552

0.5741

0.3111

0.6081

0.1576

0.2855

0.6699

0.2911

0.2715

0.5587

0.3391

0.2586

0.1785

0.0947

0.4294

0.6238

0.2480

0.2895

0.6118

0.4578

0.4149

0.5956

EGDI 2024

E-Government Development Index (EGDI) and E-Participation for Africa region

Country

Table 2.1
OSI

0.2864

0.7770

0.1270

0.4808

0.6084

0.0955

0.3187

0.3420

0.4557

0.0000

0.1932

0.7002

0.2092

0.2067

0.5219

0.2760

0.0230

0.2674

0.1128

0.3988

0.6892

0.3146

0.3376

0.3985

0.5202

0.3962

0.3320

TII

0.4643

0.5901

0.4902

0.4323

0.7281

0.3877

0.8263

0.2659

0.7851

0.1405

0.2532

0.6946

0.3840

0.1591

0.6693

0.2776

0.3537

0.1194

0.0000

0.3700

0.6128

0.0330

0.3640

0.8649

0.4817

0.3724

0.8129

HCI

0.4862

0.5271

0.3077

0.2887

0.5586

0.2823

0.5772

0.3254

0.5836

0.3324

0.4102

0.6150

0.2800

0.4487

0.4848

0.4637

0.3992

0.1488

0.1713

0.5193

0.5694

0.3965

0.1668

0.5719

0.3715

0.4760

0.6418

EPI

0.2055

0.5205

0.2192

0.5068

0.5342

0.1781

0.1233

0.1644

0.3836

0.0137

0.2329

0.589

0.0959

0.2466

0.589

0.0822

0

0.3151

0.0822

0.4247

0.5479

0.2192

0.2192

0.274

0.3699

0.2192

0.0548

LMC

LMC

LIC

LMC

LMC

LIC

UMC

LIC

LMC

LIC

UMC

LMC

LMC

LIC

LMC

LMC

LMC

LIC

LIC

LMC

LMC

LIC

LIC

UMC

LMC

LMC

LMC

"Level of Income"

Technical
Appendix
2024 UN E-Government Survey

Eastern Africa
Southern Africa
Western Africa
Western Africa
Eastern Africa

Mozambique

Namibia

Niger

Nigeria

Rwanda

Western Africa
Northern Africa
Eastern Africa
Eastern Africa
Eastern Africa
Eastern Africa

Tunisia

Uganda

United Republic of Tanzania

Zambia

Zimbabwe

Sudan

Togo

Eastern Africa
Northern Africa

South Sudan

Eastern Africa
Southern Africa

South Africa

Sierra Leone

Somalia

Eastern Africa
Western Africa

Seychelles

Middle Africa

Northern Africa

Morocco

Western Africa

Eastern Africa

Mauritius

Senegal

Western Africa

Mauritania

Sao Tome and Principe

Eastern Africa

Madagascar
Western Africa

Eastern Africa

Libya

Mali

Northern Africa

Liberia

Malawi

Sub-Region
Western Africa

Country

Table 2.1 (continued)

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Low EGDI

Very High EGDI

Low EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Low EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

EDGI Group

M3

H1

M3

M3

HV

M2

M1

L1

V2

L1

M1

H3

H1

M3

H2

MH

L3

H2

M1

HV

V1

M2

M1

M2

M2

H1

M1

Rating Class

Rank

149

130

153

150

87

161

178

192

40

191

172

92

135

154

118

144

187

114

177

90

76

165

173

163

168

125

182

0.4481

0.5424

0.4327

0.4464

0.6935

0.3920

0.2759

0.1191

0.8616

0.1468

0.3042

0.6773

0.5162

0.4308

0.5799

0.4815

0.2116

0.6007

0.2848

0.6841

0.7506

0.3491

0.3005

0.3753

0.3235

0.5466

0.2513

EGDI 2024

OSI

0.4100

0.4958

0.4791

0.6069

0.5951

0.4472

0.1293

0.1504

0.8872

0.2971

0.3823

0.4638

0.4779

0.2156

0.8207

0.5372

0.3084

0.4996

0.3959

0.5618

0.5903

0.1688

0.3334

0.4625

0.4045

0.0808

0.2633

TII

0.3947

0.5088

0.3792

0.2299

0.8357

0.2474

0.4392

0.0547

0.8951

0.1432

0.2585

0.8913

0.7328

0.4839

0.3724

0.4836

0.1578

0.7288

0.0632

0.8827

0.9159

0.5824

0.4432

0.1886

0.1518

0.9639

0.1238

HCI

0.5395

0.6225

0.4399

0.5023

0.6497

0.4813

0.2593

0.1521

0.8026

0.0000

0.2718

0.6769

0.3380

0.5928

0.5467

0.4236

0.1685

0.5738

0.3952

0.6078

0.7456

0.2961

0.1250

0.4749

0.4141

0.5951

0.3669

EPI

0.274

0.411

0.2877

0.4384

0.4521

0.4521

0.0685

0.1096

0.8356

0.2877

0.3288

0.3014

0.4247

0.1644

0.7534

0.3699

0.2055

0.274

0.2055

0.4384

0.411

0.1233

0.274

0.4521

0.3014

0.0137

0.1644

LMC

LMC

LMC

LIC

LMC

LIC

LIC

LIC

UMC

LIC

LIC

HIC

LMC

LMC

LIC

LMC

LIC

UMC

LIC

LMC

UMC

LMC

LIC

LIC

LIC

UMC

LIC

"Level of Income"

Technical
Appendix

21

22
Caribbean
Central America
Central America
Central America
South America

Jamaica

Mexico

Nicaragua

Panama

Paraguay

Central America

Honduras

Caribbean

South America

Haiti

Central America

Guyana

Caribbean

Grenada

Guatemala

Central America

El Salvador

Caribbean

Dominican Republic
South America

Caribbean

Ecuador

Caribbean

Costa Rica

Dominica

South America
Central America

Colombia

Cuba

South America

Chile

Northern America

South America

Brazil

Canada

South America

Bolivia

Caribbean

Barbados
Central America

Caribbean

Belize

South America

Bahamas

Caribbean

Argentina

Sub-Region

Country

High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Low EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

EDGI Group

HV

HV

H1

V1

H3

MH

L3

H1

H2

H3

H2

V1

HV

H1

MH

V1

V1

V3

V2

V2

H3

MH

H3

HV

V2

H3

Rating Class

80

79

132

65

96

142

186

128

122

104

115

67

85

127

139

61

68

31

47

50

99

141

91

83

42

105

Rank

0.7251

0.7298

0.5318

0.7850

0.6678

0.4856

0.2116

0.5443

0.5738

0.6458

0.5988

0.7800

0.7013

0.5445

0.4921

0.8009

0.7793

0.8827

0.8452

0.8403

0.6651

0.4872

0.6815

0.7143

0.8573

0.6428

EGDI 2024

0.6712

0.6505

0.4493

0.7637

0.5677

0.4587

0.1379

0.3455

0.6538

0.5056

0.509

0.8851

0.6405

0.3798

0.2298

0.7217

0.7521

0.8612

0.8552

0.9063

0.5987

0.4054

0.4976

0.5402

0.7965

0.4166

OSI

E-Government Development Index (EGDI) and E-Participation for Americas region

Antigua and Barbuda

Table 2.2
TII

0.7947

0.8523

0.5851

0.831

0.7296

0.4799

0.2087

0.6942

0.5843

0.6767

0.7526

0.6833

0.7444

0.6757

0.5318

0.8933

0.8065

0.9455

0.8078

0.8068

0.7089

0.5292

0.7624

0.8652

0.8425

0.7943

HCI

0.7093

0.6866

0.5610

0.7603

0.7060

0.5182

0.2883

0.5933

0.4834

0.7550

0.5348

0.7715

0.7189

0.5781

0.7148

0.7877

0.7793

0.8413

0.8725

0.8077

0.6876

0.5270

0.7845

0.7376

0.9330

0.7176

EPI

0.6027

0.5205

0.2329

0.7397

0.4384

0.3014

0.0959

0.2192

0.4658

0.2466

0.3836

0.8767

0.6575

0.3014

0.9178

0.726

0.7397

0.8356

0.9178

0.863

0.4247

0.2329

0.3288

0.3151

0.6301

0.3425

UMC

HIC

LMC

UMC

UMC

LMC

LMC

HIC

UMC

UMC

UMC

UMC

UMC

UMC

UMC

UMC

UMC

HIC

HIC

UMC

LMC

UMC

HIC

HIC

UMC

HIC

"Level of Income"

Technical
Appendix
2024 UN E-Government Survey

Caribbean

Saint Vincent and the Grenadines

South America
South America

Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of

Northern America

Caribbean

Uruguay

United States of America

Trinidad and Tobago

South America

Caribbean

Saint Lucia

Suriname

Caribbean

South America

Peru

Saint Kitts and Nevis

Sub-Region

Country

Table 2.2 (continued)

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

EDGI Group

H1

V3

V3

HV

H3

H2

H1

H2

V1

Rating Class

131

25

19

86

106

117

133

110

58

Rank

0.5360

0.9006

0.9194

0.6973

0.6365

0.5876

0.5255

0.6305

0.8070

EGDI 2024

0.3576

0.8832

0.9136

0.5999

0.4814

0.3906

0.3229

0.3039

0.8377

OSI

0.539

0.9437

0.9605

0.7745

0.8714

0.6767

0.6498

0.8675

0.8364

TII

0.7115

0.8749

0.8842

0.7174

0.5568

0.6956

0.6037

0.7202

0.7469

HCI

0.2192

0.863

0.9452

0.3288

0.2877

0.3425

0.137

0.2055

0.7534

EPI

LMC

HIC

HIC

HIC

UMC

UMC

UMC

HIC

UMC

"Level of Income"

Technical
Appendix

23

24
Eastern Asia
Western Asia
Southern Asia

Democratic People's Republic of Korea

Georgia

India

Central Asia

Kyrgyzstan
Western Asia
South-Eastern Asia

Lebanon

Malaysia

South-Eastern Asia

Kuwait

Lao People's Democratic Republic

Central Asia
Western Asia

Kazakhstan

Eastern Asia
Western Asia

Western Asia

Israel

Jordan

Western Asia

Iraq

Japan

Southern Asia

Iran (Islamic Republic of)

South-Eastern Asia

Western Asia

Cyprus

Indonesia

Eastern Asia

South-Eastern Asia

China

Cambodia

Southern Asia
South-Eastern Asia

Bhutan

Brunei Darussalam

Western Asia
Southern Asia

Western Asia

Azerbaijan

Bangladesh

Western Asia

Armenia

Bahrain

Sub-Region
Southern Asia

Country

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Low EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Low EGDI

EDGI Group

V1

H1

M3

HV

V1

V3

HV

VH

V3

MH

H3

V1

H3

V1

L3

V2

V3

H2

V1

H3

H3

VH

V1

V2

L2

Rating Class

57

126

152

78

66

24

89

13

23

148

101

64

97

69

184

38

35

120

75

103

100

18

74

48

188

Rank

0.8111

0.5449

0.4404

0.7316

0.7812

0.9009

0.6849

0.9351

0.9014

0.4572

0.6564

0.7991

0.6678

0.7792

0.2320

0.8619

0.8718

0.5754

0.7554

0.6511

0.6570

0.9196

0.7607

0.8422

0.2083

EGDI 2024

E-Government Development Index (EGDI) and E-Participation for Asia region

Afghanistan

Table 2.3
OSI

0.728

0.4489

0.3265

0.6072

0.6365

0.939

0.7591

0.9427

0.8541

0.1875

0.3773

0.8035

0.8184

0.5652

0.0291

0.8217

0.9258

0.4503

0.5802

0.5886

0.7374

0.903

0.7386

0.7922

0.1438

TII

0.9862

0.6425

0.5338

0.8815

0.9988

0.9235

0.6499

0.9509

0.9763

0.6874

0.8987

0.8645

0.57

0.9071

0.1745

0.8941

0.8995

0.7609

0.9868

0.8169

0.6501

0.9877

0.8203

0.8782

0.2167

HCI

0.7192

0.5433

0.4608

0.7061

0.7083

0.8403

0.6458

0.9117

0.8739

0.4967

0.6932

0.7293

0.6149

0.8654

0.4924

0.8698

0.7902

0.5149

0.6991

0.5478

0.5834

0.8680

0.7233

0.8561

0.2643

EPI

0.6986

0.4658

0.2877

0.4658

0.3014

0.8493

0.6164

0.9863

0.6986

0.0959

0.1781

0.7945

0.6575

0.5616

0

0.0548

0.9315

0.3151

0.4658

0.4932

0.6164

0.9041

0.4932

0.8493

0.1096

UMC

LMC

LMC

LMC

HIC

UMC

LMC

HIC

HIC

UMC

LMC

UMC

LMC

UMC

LIC

HIC

UMC

LMC

HIC

LMC

LMC

HIC

UMC

UMC

LIC

"Level of Income"

Technical
Appendix
2024 UN E-Government Survey

High EGDI

Western Asia
Southern Asia

Uzbekistan

Viet Nam
Western Asia

Central Asia
South-Eastern Asia

United Arab Emirates

Yemen

Central Asia
Western Asia

Turkmenistan

Western Asia

South-Eastern Asia

Timor-Leste

Türkiye

Central Asia
South-Eastern Asia

Thailand

Western Asia

Syrian Arab Republic

Tajikistan

Southern Asia

Sri Lanka

Western Asia

Saudi Arabia
South-Eastern Asia

Eastern Asia

Republic of Korea

Singapore

Western Asia

Qatar

Philippines

South-Eastern Asia

High EGDI
Very High EGDI

Southern Asia

Nepal

Oman

Pakistan

High EGDI

Eastern Asia
South-Eastern Asia

Myanmar

Low EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Mongolia

EDGI Group

Sub-Region
Southern Asia

Country

Maldives

Table 2.3 (continued)

L3

V1

V1

VH

MH

V3

M3

V2

H1

M2

H3

VH

VH

VH

V2

V1

H1

V2

H2

H1

V2

H3

Rating Class

185

71

63

11

145

27

159

52

123

162

98

3

6

4

53

73

136

41

119

138

46

94

Rank

0.2317

0.7709

0.7999

0.9533

0.4757

0.8913

0.4020

0.8351

0.5606

0.3888

0.6667

0.9691

0.9602

0.9679

0.8244

0.7621

0.5096

0.8576

0.5781

0.5001

0.8457

0.6745

EGDI 2024

OSI

0.1377

0.7081

0.7648

0.9163

0.2506

0.9225

0.3406

0.7611

0.4476

0.3068

0.5494

0.9831

0.9899

1

0.7655

0.8054

0.7042

0.8077

0.4481

0.3259

0.8222

0.622

TII

0.2905

0.878

0.8769

1

0.5151

0.8322

0.3551

0.941

0.581

0.4426

0.7936

0.9881

0.9841

0.9917

0.9963

0.7554

0.4745

0.9674

0.7653

0.6662

0.9374

0.7886

HCI

0.2670

0.7267

0.7580

0.9436

0.6614

0.9192

0.5104

0.8032

0.6531

0.4169

0.6570

0.9362

0.9067

0.9120

0.7114

0.7256

0.3500

0.7977

0.5210

0.5081

0.7775

0.6130

EPI

0.1507

0.6027

0.6986

0.7808

0.0411

0.863

0.3288

0.7534

0.274

0.0685

0.411

0.9589

0.9589

0.9726

0.4795

0.726

0.4932

0.6575

0.2192

0.1644

0.7808

0.4795

LIC

LMC

LMC

HIC

UMC

UMC

LMC

UMC

LMC

LIC

LMC

HIC

HIC

HIC

HIC

LMC

LMC

HIC

LMC

LMC

LMC

UMC

"Level of Income"

Technical
Appendix

25

26
Eastern Europe
Northern Europe
Northern Europe
Northern Europe
Western Europe

Czechia

Denmark

Estonia

Finland

France

Northern Europe
Southern Europe
Northern Europe
Western Europe
Northern Europe
Western Europe
Southern Europe
Western Europe

Italy

Latvia

Liechtenstein

Lithuania

Luxembourg

Malta

Monaco

Iceland

Ireland

Eastern Europe
Northern Europe

Hungary

Western Europe

Southern Europe

Croatia

Southern Europe

Eastern Europe

Bulgaria

Greece

Southern Europe

Bosnia and Herzegovina

Germany

Eastern Europe
Western Europe

Western Europe

Austria

Belgium

Southern Europe

Andorra

Belarus

Sub-Region
Southern Europe

Country

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

EDGI Group

HV

V3

V2

V3

V2

V3

V2

V3

VH

V1

V3

VH

V3

VH

VH

VH

V2

V3

V2

H2

V2

HV

V3

HV

V1

Rating Class

82

28

45

21

44

29

51

20

5

59

36

12

34

9

2

1

54

32

55

107

56

77

22

88

62

Rank

0.7175

0.8886

0.8466

0.9110

0.8528

0.8852

0.8356

0.9138

0.9671

0.8043

0.8674

0.9382

0.8744

0.9575

0.9727

0.9847

0.8239

0.8818

0.8145

0.6329

0.8121

0.7445

0.9065

0.6893

0.8000

EGDI 2024

E-Government Development Index (EGDI) and E-Participation for Europe region

Albania

Table 2.4
OSI

0.4838

0.8749

0.7555

0.8839

0.7416

0.8092

0.7624

0.8768

0.9076

0.7144

0.8145

0.9238

0.8440

0.9097

0.9954

0.9992

0.7006

0.8735

0.7727

0.5003

0.7224

0.5760

0.8383

0.4780

0.8144

TII

0.9171

0.9747

0.9888

0.9631

0.9906

0.9660

0.9017

0.9599

0.9983

0.8282

0.8657

0.9236

0.9228

0.9791

0.9731

0.9966

0.9204

0.9180

0.9171

0.7763

0.8698

0.9156

0.9810

0.9231

0.7750

HCI

0.7515

0.8162

0.7955

0.8861

0.8263

0.8805

0.8426

0.9046

0.9953

0.8703

0.9219

0.9672

0.8565

0.9836

0.9497

0.9584

0.8508

0.8538

0.7538

0.6222

0.8442

0.7419

0.9003

0.6668

0.8106

EPI

0.1507

0.7397

0.6301

0.8356

0.6575

0.7808

0.6575

0.9178

0.9589

0.5479

0.6712

0.9726

0.8082

0.8904

0.9589

0.9863

0.6986

0.4110

0.6712

0.5479

0.5068

0.4932

0.7808

0.5479

0.7260

HIC

HIC

HIC

HIC

HIC

HIC

HIC

HIC

HIC

HIC

HIC

HIC

HIC

HIC

HIC

HIC

HIC

HIC

UMC

UMC

HIC

UMC

HIC

HIC

UMC

"Level of Income"

Technical
Appendix
2024 UN E-Government Survey

Sub-Region

Northern Ireland

Northern Europe

Eastern Europe

United Kingdom of Great Britain and

Western Europe

Ukraine

Serbia

Switzerland

Southern Europe

San Marino

Northern Europe

Southern Europe

Russian Federation

Southern Europe

Eastern Europe

Romania

Sweden

Eastern Europe

Republic of Moldova

Spain

Eastern Europe

Portugal

Eastern Europe

Southern Europe

Poland

Southern Europe

Eastern Europe

Norway

Slovenia

Northern Europe

North Macedonia

Slovakia

Western Europe
Southern Europe

Netherlands

Southern Europe

Montenegro

Country

Table 2.4 (continued)

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

EDGI Group

VH

V3

V3

VH

VH

V3

V1

V2

H3

V2

V1

V1

V2

V3

VH

HV

VH

HV

Rating Class

7

30

26

14

17

33

60

39

102

43

72

70

49

37

15

84

10

81

Rank

0.9577

0.8841

0.9003

0.9326

0.9206

0.8759

0.8021

0.8618

0.6551

0.8532

0.7636

0.7719

0.8415

0.8648

0.9315

0.7070

0.9538

0.7211

EGDI 2024

OSI

0.9535

0.9854

0.8408

0.8836

0.9054

0.8640

0.7097

0.8540

0.3575

0.7766

0.6548

0.7264

0.7878

0.8037

0.9117

0.6642

0.9212

0.5214

TII

0.9747

0.8428

0.9576

0.9868

0.9603

0.9107

0.8985

0.9221

0.9491

0.9512

0.8922

0.8118

0.8979

0.9603

0.9654

0.7546

0.9715

0.9229

HCI

0.9450

0.8240

0.9026

0.9275

0.8961

0.8530

0.7982

0.8094

0.6587

0.8319

0.7439

0.7776

0.8389

0.8304

0.9175

0.7023

0.9688

0.7190

EPI

0.9726

1.0000

0.8219

0.7945

0.8082

0.7808

0.6986

0.8904

0.1233

0.6438

0.6849

0.7260

0.6438

0.7534

0.8630

0.5753

0.9315

0.5068

HIC

LMC

HIC

HIC

HIC

HIC

HIC

UMC

HIC

UMC

HIC

UMC

HIC

HIC

HIC

UMC

HIC

UMC

"Level of Income"

Technical
Appendix

27

28
Micronesia
Micronesia

Marshall Islands

Micronesia (Federated States of)

Nauru

Polynesia
Melanesia
Polynesia
Polynesia
Melanesia

Solomon Islands

Tonga

Tuvalu

Vanuatu

Melanesia

Papua New Guinea

Samoa

Micronesia

Palau

Australia and New Zealand

Micronesia

Kiribati

New Zealand

Melanesia
Micronesia

Fiji

Sub-Region
Australia and New Zealand

Country

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

EDGI Group

H1

M3

H1

M2

MH

M1

H1

VH

M3

M2

MH

MH

H3

VH

Rating Class

129

158

134

164

140

171

137

16

151

167

143

147

93

8

Rank

0.5427

0.4042

0.5164

0.3681

0.4899

0.3076

0.5072

0.9265

0.4454

0.3235

0.4823

0.4572

0.6754

0.9577

EGDI 2024

E-Government Development Index (EGDI) and E-Participation for Oceania region

Australia

Table 2.5
OSI

0.4769

0.1944

0.3220

0.4970

0.3638

0.3392

0.2787

0.9453

0.2439

0.2621

0.3586

0.3904

0.5343

0.9222

TII

0.6165

0.4720

0.4784

0.1811

0.4606

0.1851

0.4910

0.8728

0.5863

0.1350

0.3047

0.3544

0.7507

0.9509

HCI

0.5347

0.5463

0.7488

0.4262

0.6453

0.3984

0.7520

0.9615

0.5061

0.5735

0.7836

0.6269

0.7413

1.0000

EPI

0.4658

0.0685

0.3288

0.3699

0.3014

0.1918

0.3014

0.9315

0.2329

0.1370

0.3288

0.3288

0.3973

0.8630

LMC

UMC

UMC

LMC

LMC

LMC

UMC

HIC

HIC

LMC

UMC

LMC

UMC

HIC

"Level of Income"

Technical
Appendix
2024 UN E-Government Survey

High EGDI
High EGDI
Middle EGDI

Lower middle income

Low income

Very High EGDI

High income

Upper middle income

EGDI Group

0.2764

0.5449

0.6932

0.8326

EGDI

0.2854

0.4934

0.5992

0.7553

Online Service Index

0.2291

0.5881

0.7699

0.9123

Infrastructure Index

Telecommunications

Economic groupings for E-Government Development Index (EGDI) and E-Participation

Levels of Income

Table 3

0.3145

0.5533

0.7104

0.8301

Human Capital Index

0.2318

0.3805

0.5216

0.6725

E-Partcipation Index

Technical
Appendix

29

30
Africa
Africa
Africa
Africa
Africa
Africa
Africa
Africa
Africa

Chad

Comoros

Democratic Republic of the Congo

Djibouti

Eritrea

Ethiopia

Gambia

Guinea

Guinea-Bissau

Asia
Africa
Africa
Africa

Lao People's Democratic Republic

Lesotho

Liberia

Madagascar

Oceania

Africa

Central African Republic

Americas

Asia

Cambodia

Kiribati

Africa

Burundi

Haiti

Asia
Africa

Burkina Faso

Benin

Bhutan

Asia
Africa

Bangladesh

Asia
Africa

Angola

Region

Eastern Africa

Western Africa

Southern Africa

South-Eastern Asia

Micronesia

Caribbean

Western Africa

Western Africa

Western Africa

Eastern Africa

Eastern Africa

Eastern Africa

Middle Africa

Eastern Africa

Middle Africa

Middle Africa

South-Eastern Asia

Eastern Africa

Western Africa

Southern Asia

Western Africa

Southern Asia

Middle Africa

Southern Asia

Sub-Region

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Low EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Low EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Low EGDI

Low EGDI

High EGDI

Low EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Low EGDI

EGDI Group

M2

M1

M3

M3

MH

L3

M2

M2

M1

M2

L2

M1

M1

M1

L2

L1

H2

LM

M1

H3

MH

H3

M3

L2

Class

Rating

168

182

157

152

147

186

170

160

181

169

190

174

179

180

189

193

120

183

175

103

146

100

156

188

Rank

0.3235

0.2513

0.4123

0.4404

0.4572

0.2116

0.3083

0.4006

0.2552

0.3111

0.1576

0.2911

0.2715

0.2586

0.1785

0.0947

0.5754

0.248

0.2895

0.6511

0.4578

0.657

0.4149

0.2083

EGDI

E-Government Development Index (EGDI) of Least Developed Countries (LDCs)

Afghanistan

Country

Table 4
Online

0.4045

0.2633

0.2864

0.3265

0.3904

0.1379

0.1270

0.4808

0.0955

0.3420

0.0000

0.2092

0.2067

0.0230

0.2674

0.1128

0.4503

0.3146

0.3376

0.5886

0.5202

0.7374

0.3962

0.1438

Service Index

0.1518

0.1238

0.4643

0.5338

0.3544

0.2087

0.4902

0.4323

0.3877

0.2659

0.1405

0.3840

0.1591

0.3537

0.1194

0.0000

0.7609

0.0330

0.3640

0.8169

0.4817

0.6501

0.3724

0.2167

Infrastructure Index

Telecommunications

Human

0.4141

0.3669

0.4862

0.4608

0.6269

0.2883

0.3077

0.2887

0.2823

0.3254

0.3324

0.2800

0.4487

0.3992

0.1488

0.1713

0.5149

0.3965

0.1668

0.5478

0.3715

0.5834

0.4760

0.2643

Capital Index

0.3014

0.1644

0.2055

0.2877

0.3288

0.0959

0.2192

0.5068

0.1781

0.1644

0.0137

0.0959

0.2466

0

0.3151

0.0822

0.3151

0.2192

0.2192

0.4932

0.3699

0.6164

0.2192

0.1096

EPI

Technical
Appendix
2024 UN E-Government Survey

Eastern Africa

Western Africa
Polynesia

Africa
Africa
Africa
Africa
Oceania
Africa
Africa
Africa
Asia
Africa
Oceania
Africa
Africa
Asia
Africa

Senegal

Sierra Leone

Solomon Islands

Somalia

South Sudan

Sudan

Timor-Leste

Togo

Tuvalu

Uganda

United Republic of Tanzania

Yemen

Zambia

Eastern Africa

Western Asia

Eastern Africa

Eastern Africa

South-Eastern Asia

Northern Africa

Eastern Africa

Eastern Africa

Melanesia

Western Africa

Western Africa

Middle Africa

Eastern Africa

Western Africa

Southern Asia

South-Eastern Asia

Sao Tome and Principe

Asia

Myanmar

Rwanda

Africa

Mozambique

Western Africa

Western Africa

Asia

Africa

Mauritania

Africa

Africa

Mali

Eastern Africa

Niger

Africa

Malawi

Sub-Region

Nepal

Region

(continued)

Country

Table 4

High EGDI

Low EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Low EGDI

Low EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Low EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

EGDI Group

H1

L3

M3

M3

M3

M2

M3

M1

L1

L1

M2

M1

H1

M3

H2

L3

H2

H1

M1

M2

M1

M2

Class

Rating

130

185

153

150

158

161

159

178

192

191

164

172

135

154

118

187

119

138

177

165

173

163

Rank

0.5424

0.2317

0.4327

0.4464

0.4042

0.392

0.402

0.2759

0.1191

0.1468

0.3681

0.3042

0.5162

0.4308

0.5799

0.2116

0.5781

0.5001

0.2848

0.3491

0.3005

0.3753

EGDI

Online

0.4958

0.1377

0.4791

0.6069

0.1944

0.4472

0.3406

0.1293

0.1504

0.2971

0.4970

0.3823

0.4779

0.2156

0.8207

0.3084

0.4481

0.3259

0.3959

0.1688

0.3334

0.4625

Service Index

0.5088

0.2905

0.3792

0.2299

0.4720

0.2474

0.3551

0.4392

0.0547

0.1432

0.1811

0.2585

0.7328

0.4839

0.3724

0.1578

0.7653

0.6662

0.0632

0.5824

0.4432

0.1886

Infrastructure Index

Telecommunications

Human

0.6225

0.2670

0.4399

0.5023

0.5463

0.4813

0.5104

0.2593

0.1521

0.0000

0.4262

0.2718

0.3380

0.5928

0.5467

0.1685

0.5210

0.5081

0.3952

0.2961

0.1250

0.4749

Capital Index

0.411

0.1507

0.2877

0.4384

0.0685

0.4521

0.3288

0.0685

0.1096

0.2877

0.3699

0.3288

0.4247

0.1644

0.7534

0.2055

0.2192

0.1644

0.2055

0.1233

0.274

0.4521

EPI

Technical
Appendix

31

32
Africa
Europe
Americas

Paraguay

Asia

Nepal

North Macedonia

Asia

Mongolia

Niger

Africa

Asia

Kyrgyzstan

Africa

Asia

Kazakhstan

Mali

Africa

Ethiopia

Malawi

Africa

Eswatini

Asia

Africa

Chad

Africa

Africa

Central African Republic

Lesotho

Africa

Lao People's Democratic Republic

Africa

Americas

Bolivia

Burundi

Asia

Bhutan

Burkina Faso

Asia

Azerbaijan

Africa

Asia

Botswana

Asia

Armenia

Region

South America

Southern Europe

Western Africa

Southern Asia

Eastern Asia

Western Africa

Eastern Africa

Southern Africa

South-Eastern Asia

Central Asia

Central Asia

Eastern Africa

Southern Africa

Middle Africa

Middle Africa

Eastern Africa

Western Africa

Southern Africa

South America

Southern Asia

Western Asia

Western Asia

Southern Asia

Sub-Region

High EGDI

High EGDI

Low EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Low EGDI

Low EGDI

Low EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Low EGDI

EGDI Group

HV

HV

L3

H2

V2

M1

M2

M3

M3

HV

V3

M2

H2

L2

L1

LM

M1

H2

H3

H3

V1

V2

L2

Class

Rating

80

84

187

119

46

173

163

157

152

78

24

169

113

189

193

183

175

112

99

103

74

48

188

Rank

0.7251

0.707

0.2116

0.5781

0.8457

0.3005

0.3753

0.4123

0.4404

0.7316

0.9009

0.3111

0.6081

0.1785

0.0947

0.248

0.2895

0.6118

0.6651

0.6511

0.7607

0.8422

0.2083

EGDI

E-Government Development Index (EGDI) of Landlocked Developing Countries (LLDCs)

Afghanistan

Country

Table 5
Online

0.6712

0.6642

0.3084

0.4481

0.8222

0.3334

0.4625

0.2864

0.3265

0.6072

0.939

0.342

0.4557

0.2674

0.1128

0.3146

0.3376

0.3985

0.5987

0.5886

0.7386

0.7922

0.1438

Index

Service

0.7947

0.7546

0.1578

0.7653

0.9374

0.4432

0.1886

0.4643

0.5338

0.8815

0.9235

0.2659

0.7851

0.1194

0

0.033

0.364

0.8649

0.7089

0.8169

0.8203

0.8782

0.2167

Infrastructure Index

Telecommunications

0.7093

0.7023

0.1685

0.521

0.7775

0.125

0.4749

0.4862

0.4608

0.7061

0.8403

0.3254

0.5836

0.1488

0.1713

0.3965

0.1668

0.5719

0.6876

0.5478

0.7233

0.8561

0.2643

Index

Capital

Human

0.6027

0.5753

0.2055

0.2192

0.7808

0.274

0.4521

0.2055

0.2877

0.4658

0.8493

0.1644

0.3836

0.3151

0.0822

0.2192

0.2192

0.274

0.4247

0.4932

0.4932

0.8493

0.1096

EPI

Technical
Appendix
2024 UN E-Government Survey

Asia
Africa

Uzbekistan

Zambia

Asia

Tajikistan
Asia

Africa

South Sudan

Africa

Africa

Rwanda

Uganda

Europe

Republic of Moldova

Turkmenistan

Region

(continued)

Country

Table 5

Eastern Africa

Central Asia

Eastern Africa

Central Asia

Central Asia

Eastern Africa

Eastern Africa

Eastern Europe

Sub-Region

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Low EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

EGDI Group

H1

V1

M3

MH

H1

L1

H2

V1

Class

Rating

130

63

150

145

123

192

118

70

Rank

0.5424

0.7999

0.4464

0.4757

0.5606

0.1191

0.5799

0.7719

EGDI

Online

0.4958

0.7648

0.6069

0.2506

0.4476

0.1504

0.8207

0.7264

Index

Service

0.5088

0.8769

0.2299

0.5151

0.581

0.0547

0.3724

0.8118

Infrastructure Index

Telecommunications

0.6225

0.758

0.5023

0.6614

0.6531

0.1521

0.5467

0.7776

Index

Capital

Human

0.411

0.6986

0.4384

0.0411

0.274

0.1096

0.7534

0.726

EPI

Technical
Appendix

33

34
Americas

Belize

Americas
Oceania
Americas

Dominican Republic

Fiji

Grenada

Americas
Oceania
Asia

Jamaica

Kiribati

Maldives
Africa
Oceania
Oceania
Oceania
Oceania

Mauritius

Micronesia (Federated States of)

Nauru

Palau

Papua New Guinea

Oceania

Americas

Haiti

Marshall Islands

Americas

Guyana

Africa

Americas

Dominica

Guinea-Bissau

Americas

Cuba

Africa

Americas

Barbados
Africa

Americas

Bahamas

Comoros

Americas

Antigua and Barbuda

Cabo Verde

Region

Melanesia

Micronesia

Micronesia

Micronesia

Eastern Africa

Micronesia

Southern Asia

Micronesia

Caribbean

Caribbean

South America

Western Africa

Caribbean

Melanesia

Caribbean

Caribbean

Caribbean

Eastern Africa

Western Africa

Central America

Caribbean

Caribbean

Caribbean

Sub-Region

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Low EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

EGDI Group

M1

H1

M3

M2

V1

MH

H3

MH

H3

L3

H1

M2

H3

H3

HV

H1

MH

M1

H2

MH

H3

HV

H3

Class

Rating

171

137

151

167

76

143

94

147

96

186

128

170

104

93

85

127

139

180

111

141

91

83

105

Rank

0.3076

0.5072

0.4454

0.3235

0.7506

0.4823

0.6745

0.4572

0.6678

0.2116

0.5443

0.3083

0.6458

0.6754

0.7013

0.5445

0.4921

0.2586

0.6238

0.4872

0.6815

0.7143

0.6428

EGDI

E-Government Development Index (EGDI) of Small Island Developing States (SIDS)

Country

Table 6
Online

0.3392

0.2787

0.2439

0.2621

0.5903

0.3586

0.622

0.3904

0.5677

0.1379

0.3455

0.127

0.5056

0.5343

0.6405

0.3798

0.2298

0.023

0.6892

0.4054

0.4976

0.5402

0.4166

Index

Service

0.1851

0.491

0.5863

0.135

0.9159

0.3047

0.7886

0.3544

0.7296

0.2087

0.6942

0.4902

0.6767

0.7507

0.7444

0.6757

0.5318

0.3537

0.6128

0.5292

0.7624

0.8652

0.7943

Infrastructure Index

Telecommunications

0.3984

0.752

0.5061

0.5735

0.7456

0.7836

0.613

0.6269

0.706

0.2883

0.5933

0.3077

0.755

0.7413

0.7189

0.5781

0.7148

0.3992

0.5694

0.527

0.7845

0.7376

0.7176

Index

Capital

Human

0.1918

0.3014

0.2329

0.137

0.411

0.3288

0.4795

0.3288

0.4384

0.0959

0.2192

0.2192

0.2466

0.3973

0.6575

0.3014

0.0548

0

0.5479

0.2329

0.3288

0.3151

0.3425

EPI

Technical
Appendix
2024 UN E-Government Survey

Africa
Asia

Seychelles

Singapore

Oceania
Americas
Oceania
Oceania

Tonga

Trinidad and Tobago

Tuvalu

Vanuatu

Asia

Africa

Sao Tome and Principe

Americas

Oceania

Samoa

Timor-Leste

Americas

Saint Vincent and the Grenadines

Suriname

Americas

Saint Lucia

Oceania

Americas

Saint Kitts and Nevis

Solomon Islands

Region

(continued)

Country

Table 6

Melanesia

Polynesia

Caribbean

Polynesia

South-Eastern Asia

South America

Melanesia

South-Eastern Asia

Eastern Africa

Middle Africa

Polynesia

Caribbean

Caribbean

Caribbean

Sub-Region

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

EGDI Group

H1

M3

HV

H1

M3

H3

M2

VH

H3

M3

MH

H2

H1

H2

Class

Rating

129

158

86

134

159

106

164

3

92

154

140

117

133

110

Rank

0.5427

0.4042

0.6973

0.5164

0.402

0.6365

0.3681

0.9691

0.6773

0.4308

0.4899

0.5876

0.5255

0.6305

EGDI

Online

0.4769

0.1944

0.5999

0.322

0.3406

0.4814

0.497

0.9831

0.4638

0.2156

0.3638

0.3906

0.3229

0.3039

Index

Service

0.6165

0.472

0.7745

0.4784

0.3551

0.8714

0.1811

0.9881

0.8913

0.4839

0.4606

0.6767

0.6498

0.8675

Infrastructure Index

Telecommunications

0.5347

0.5463

0.7174

0.7488

0.5104

0.5568

0.4262

0.9362

0.6769

0.5928

0.6453

0.6956

0.6037

0.7202

Index

Capital

Human

0.4658

0.0685

0.3288

0.3288

0.3288

0.2877

0.3699

0.9589

0.3014

0.1644

0.3014

0.3425

0.137

0.2055

EPI

Technical
Appendix

35

36
0.5402

Very High OSI

High OSI
Middle OSI

Bosnia and Herzegovina

Botswana

Brazil

High OSI
High OSI

Bhutan

High OSI

Bolivia

Middle OSI

Belize

Benin

0.9063

0.3985

0.5003

0.5987

0.5886

0.5202

0.4054

0.7224

0.5760

High OSI
High OSI

Belarus

Belgium

0.7374
0.4976

High OSI
Middle OSI

0.9030

Bangladesh

High OSI
Very High OSI

Bahamas

Bahrain

Barbados

High OSI

0.7386

0.8383

Very High OSI

Azerbaijan

Austria

0.7922
0.9222

Very High OSI
Very High OSI

Armenia

Australia

0.4166
0.7965

Middle OSI

0.3962

0.4780

0.3320

0.8144

0.1438

OSI 2024

Very High OSI

Antigua and Barbuda

Argentina

Middle OSI
Middle OSI

Andorra

Middle OSI

Angola

Very High OSI

Albania

Low OSI

OSI Group

Online Service Index (OSI) and its components

Algeria

Afghanistan

Country

Table 7
IF

1.0000

0.6800

0.8400

0.9200

0.8800

0.9200

0.9200

0.9600

0.8400

0.7200

0.9200

1.0000

0.6800

0.8400

0.9600

0.9600

0.9600

0.9600

0.6000

0.6400

0.7200

0.6800

0.9200

0.6800

CP

1.0000

0.5556

0.5556

0.6667

0.7778

0.5556

0.4444

0.6667

0.6667

0.5556

0.6667

0.8889

0.5556

1.0000

0.7778

0.8889

1.0000

0.7778

0.6667

0.6667

0.6667

0.5556

1.0000

0.1111

SP

0.8916

0.4217

0.3855

0.6265

0.5422

0.5060

0.4458

0.7711

0.5301

0.5542

0.7470

0.8313

0.6627

0.8795

0.8313

0.9518

0.6506

0.8434

0.3855

0.4217

0.3494

0.4217

0.8313

0.0482

EPI

0.8630

0.2740

0.5479

0.4247

0.4932

0.3699

0.2329

0.5479

0.4932

0.3288

0.6164

0.9041

0.3151

0.4932

0.7808

0.8630

0.8493

0.6301

0.3425

0.2192

0.5479

0.0548

0.7260

0.1096

TEC

0.7500

0.2500

0.3125

0.5625

0.6250

0.5625

0.0000

0.7500

0.6875

0.5000

0.8750

1.0000

0.5625

0.5000

0.8125

0.7500

0.8125

0.8750

0.5000

0.5000

0.3750

0.3750

0.6250

0.1250

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Low EGDI

EDGI Group

0.8403

0.6118

0.6329

0.6651

0.6511

0.4578

0.4872

0.8121

0.7445

0.6815

0.6570

0.9196

0.7143

0.7607

0.9065

0.9577

0.8422

0.8573

0.6428

0.4149

0.6893

0.5956

0.8000

0.2083

EGDI 2024

Technical
Appendix
2024 UN E-Government Survey

(continued)

0.8552

Very High OSI

0.8735
0.2298
0.8217

High OSI
Very High OSI
Low OSI
Very High OSI

Croatia

Cuba

Cyprus

Very High OSI
Low OSI

Denmark

Low OSI
Low OSI

Democratic People's Republic of Korea

Democratic Republic of the Congo

Djibouti

High OSI

Côte d'Ivoire

Czechia

0.5219

High OSI

Costa Rica

0.0230

0.2092

0.9992

0.2067

0.0291

0.7006

0.7217

0.2760

Low OSI
Middle OSI

Comoros

Congo

0.7521

0.9258

Very High OSI
Very High OSI

China

Colombia

0.2674
0.8612

Middle OSI
Very High OSI

Chile

0.1128

Chad

Central African Republic

Low OSI

0.4503
0.3988

Middle OSI
Middle OSI

Cambodia

Cameroon

Canada

0.6892

High OSI

Cabo Verde

0.3146

Middle OSI

Burundi

0.3376

0.7727

Very High OSI
Middle OSI

0.5802

OSI 2024

High OSI

OSI Group

Burkina Faso

Bulgaria

Brunei Darussalam

Country

Table 7
IF

0.6000

1.0000

0.4400

0.2000

0.9200

0.9600

0.8400

0.9600

0.8800

0.8800

0.8000

0.1200

0.9600

0.9600

1.0000

0.7200

0.4000

1.0000

0.7200

0.8000

0.9200

0.6800

0.8400

0.9200

0.9200

CP

0.3333

1.0000

0.4444

0.2222

0.7778

0.8889

0.1111

0.8889

0.5556

0.7778

0.3333

0.0000

0.8889

1.0000

0.7778

0.4444

0.2222

0.7778

0.7778

0.7778

0.6667

0.2222

0.3333

1.0000

0.6667

SP

0.1928

0.9880

0.0723

0.0120

0.6988

0.8313

0.2169

0.8193

0.4819

0.6627

0.2410

0.0482

0.6747

0.9036

0.8554

0.1084

0.0602

0.7711

0.2530

0.4096

0.7349

0.2892

0.2892

0.7711

0.5542

EPI

0.0959

0.9863

0.2466

0.0000

0.5890

0.7260

0.0548

0.9178

0.4110

0.7260

0.0822

0.0000

0.7397

0.9315

0.8356

0.3151

0.0822

0.9178

0.4247

0.3151

0.5479

0.2192

0.2192

0.6712

0.4658

TEC

0.1875

0.8750

0.4375

0.0625

0.6875

0.7500

0.2500

0.6250

0.6250

0.6250

0.5625

0.0625

0.6875

0.6875

0.6250

0.1875

0.1875

0.6875

0.3750

0.5000

0.5625

0.4375

0.3750

0.6875

0.5625

EDGI Group

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Low EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Low EGDI

Low EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Low EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

0.2911

0.9847

0.2715

0.2320

0.5587

0.8239

0.8619

0.4921

0.8818

0.8009

0.3391

0.2586

0.7793

0.8718

0.8827

0.1785

0.0947

0.8452

0.4294

0.5754

0.6238

0.2480

0.2895

0.8145

0.7554

EGDI 2024

Technical
Appendix

37

38
0.0000
0.9954

Low OSI
Low OSI
Very High OSI
Middle OSI
Middle OSI
High OSI

Equatorial Guinea

Eritrea

Estonia

Eswatini

Ethiopia

Fiji

0.6084
0.8145
0.5056
0.6538
0.4808

High OSI
Very High OSI
High OSI
High OSI
Middle OSI

Germany

Ghana

Greece

Grenada

Guatemala

Haiti

Guyana

Guinea-Bissau
Low OSI

Middle OSI

Low OSI

0.9238

High OSI
Very High OSI

Georgia

Guinea

0.3187

Low OSI

0.1379

0.3455

0.1270

0.5652

0.0955

Middle OSI

Gabon

Gambia

0.9097
0.8440

Very High OSI
Very High OSI

Finland

France

0.5343

0.3420

0.4557

0.1932

0.5090

High OSI
High OSI

Egypt

El Salvador

0.7002

0.6405
0.8851

High OSI

Dominican Republic

0.3798

OSI 2024

Very High OSI

Middle OSI

Ecuador

OSI Group

Dominica

(continued)

Country

Table 7
IF

0.4800

0.6800

0.2000

0.8800

0.8000

0.5600

0.9200

0.9200

1.0000

0.8800

0.3200

0.7200

1.0000

1.0000

0.8000

0.6000

0.8400

1.0000

0.0000

0.3200

0.8000

0.9200

0.9600

0.8800

0.5200

CP

0.0000

0.5556

0.1111

0.3333

0.7778

0.6667

0.8889

0.5556

0.8889

0.5556

0.1111

0.5556

0.8889

0.8889

0.3333

0.4444

0.7778

1.0000

0.1111

0.1111

0.7778

0.6667

0.8889

0.7778

0.7778

SP

0.1084

0.3012

0.0602

0.3614

0.7229

0.6506

0.9036

0.5783

0.8434

0.4819

0.0120

0.3373

0.8072

0.8916

0.5783

0.3976

0.3494

1.0000

0.0000

0.1446

0.5060

0.7108

0.8675

0.5422

0.3976

EPI

0.0959

0.2192

0.2192

0.5068

0.4658

0.2466

0.6712

0.5342

0.9726

0.5616

0.1781

0.1233

0.8082

0.8904

0.3973

0.1644

0.3836

0.9589

0.0137

0.2329

0.3836

0.5890

0.8767

0.6575

0.3014

TEC

0.1875

0.5625

0.1875

0.5000

0.6875

0.6250

0.5000

0.5625

0.8750

0.5000

0.0000

0.3125

0.7500

0.7500

0.5625

0.3750

0.5625

0.8750

0.1250

0.3125

0.3750

0.6875

0.6875

0.5625

0.1250

Low EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Low EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

EDGI Group

0.2116

0.5443

0.3083

0.4006

0.5738

0.6458

0.8674

0.6317

0.9382

0.7792

0.2552

0.5741

0.8744

0.9575

0.6754

0.3111

0.6081

0.9727

0.1576

0.2855

0.5988

0.6699

0.7800

0.7013

0.5445

EGDI 2024

Technical
Appendix
2024 UN E-Government Survey

India

Indonesia
0.3773

0.3904
0.6365
0.6072
0.3265
0.8092

Middle OSI
High OSI
High OSI
Middle OSI
Very High OSI

Kiribati

Kuwait

Kyrgyzstan

Lao People's Democratic Republic

0.0808

Low OSI
High OSI

Libya

Liechtenstein

0.7416

0.2864
0.2633

Middle OSI
Middle OSI

Lesotho

Liberia

0.4489

Middle OSI

0.9390

Lebanon

Latvia

0.7770

Very High OSI
Very High OSI

Kazakhstan

Kenya

0.9427
0.7591

Very High OSI
Very High OSI

Japan

Jordan

0.5677

0.7624

High OSI

Very High OSI

Italy

Jamaica

0.8768
0.8541

Very High OSI
Very High OSI

0.1875

Ireland

Low OSI

0.8035

0.7144

Israel

Iraq

Middle OSI

0.8184

Very High OSI
Very High OSI

Iceland

Iran (Islamic Republic of)

0.9076

High OSI
Very High OSI

Hungary

0.4587

Middle OSI

OSI 2024

OSI Group

Honduras

(continued)

Country

Table.7
IF

0.9200

0.4000

0.6000

0.5200

0.8000

1.0000

0.6800

0.9200

0.8800

0.6000

0.9600

1.0000

0.9200

1.0000

0.8400

1.0000

0.9600

1.0000

0.4400

0.6800

1.0000

1.0000

0.9600

0.8800

0.7200

CP

0.7778

0.0000

0.3333

0.3333

0.4444

0.8889

0.6667

0.6667

0.7778

0.5556

0.7778

0.8889

0.8889

1.0000

0.7778

1.0000

0.8889

0.7778

0.3333

0.4444

1.0000

0.8889

0.8889

0.7778

0.6667

SP

0.7470

0.0843

0.2530

0.2530

0.3494

0.7590

0.2289

0.6145

0.6506

0.3855

0.7952

0.9880

0.7952

0.8795

0.5663

0.7349

0.9157

0.8193

0.1566

0.4337

0.7229

0.8554

0.8554

0.8072

0.4578

EPI

0.6575

0.0137

0.1644

0.2055

0.4658

0.7808

0.2877

0.4658

0.4795

0.3288

0.6712

0.8493

0.6164

0.9863

0.4384

0.6575

0.6986

0.9178

0.0959

0.1781

0.7945

0.6575

0.9589

0.5479

0.3014

TEC

0.6250

0.0625

0.2500

0.5625

0.3750

0.6875

0.3125

0.5625

0.6875

0.2500

0.6875

0.7500

0.6875

0.7500

0.5000

0.6875

0.8125

0.6875

0.4375

0.4375

0.6875

0.8125

0.6875

0.4375

0.6250

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

EDGI Group

0.8528

0.5466

0.2513

0.4123

0.5449

0.8852

0.4404

0.7316

0.7812

0.4572

0.6314

0.9009

0.6849

0.9351

0.6678

0.8356

0.9014

0.9138

0.4572

0.6564

0.7991

0.6678

0.9671

0.8043

0.4856

EGDI 2024

Technical
Appendix

39

40
0.3334
0.8749

Middle OSI
High OSI
High OSI
Middle OSI
Very High OSI

Malawi

Malaysia

Maldives

Mali

0.7637

Very High OSI

0.5214

0.4481

Low OSI
Middle OSI

Middle OSI

Very High OSI

New Zealand

Nicaragua

Very High OSI

Netherlands

Nepal

0.2439

Middle OSI

Namibia

Nauru

0.3959

0.4493

0.9453

0.9212

0.4996

0.3259

Middle OSI
Middle OSI

Mozambique

0.5618

Myanmar

High OSI
High OSI

Montenegro

Morocco

0.4838

Middle OSI
Very High OSI

Monaco

Mongolia

0.8222

0.2621

Middle OSI

Mexico

Micronesia (Federated States of)

0.1688
0.5903

Low OSI
High OSI

Mauritania

0.3586

0.6220

0.7280

0.7555

Mauritius

Marshall Islands

Middle OSI

0.4625

Middle OSI

Malta

0.4045

Very High OSI

Luxembourg

0.8839

Madagascar

OSI 2024

OSI Group
Very High OSI

Lithuania

(continued)

Country

Table 7
IF

0.7200

1.0000

1.0000

0.8800

0.4400

0.7200

0.6800

0.6800

0.8400

0.9200

0.9200

0.8800

0.6800

0.8800

1.0000

0.7600

0.5600

0.9600

0.6000

0.6800

0.9200

0.8000

0.6400

1.0000

0.9600

CP

0.6667

0.8889

1.0000

0.5556

0.3333

0.6667

0.5556

0.4444

0.6667

0.6667

1.0000

0.5556

0.4444

0.7778

0.7778

0.2222

0.3333

0.8889

0.5556

0.6667

0.7778

0.5556

0.5556

1.0000

1.0000

SP

0.5060

0.9398

0.8554

0.5060

0.2048

0.5783

0.3253

0.4458

0.5663

0.4096

0.8072

0.6024

0.2169

0.7108

0.5904

0.0482

0.3614

0.9277

0.2651

0.6988

0.6506

0.3855

0.3735

0.7229

0.8916

EPI

0.2329

0.9315

0.9315

0.2192

0.2329

0.2740

0.1644

0.2055

0.4384

0.5068

0.7808

0.1507

0.1370

0.7397

0.4110

0.1233

0.3288

0.7671

0.2740

0.4795

0.6986

0.4521

0.3014

0.6301

0.8356

TEC

0.5000

0.7500

0.8750

0.3125

0.2500

0.5625

0.3750

0.5000

0.5000

0.4375

0.6250

0.5625

0.3750

0.8750

0.5000

0.1875

0.1875

0.6875

0.5000

0.6250

0.8750

0.3125

0.6250

0.8125

0.6250

EDGI Group

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

0.5318

0.9265

0.9538

0.5781

0.4454

0.6007

0.5001

0.2848

0.6841

0.7211

0.8457

0.7175

0.3235

0.7850

0.7506

0.3491

0.4823

0.8886

0.3005

0.6745

0.8111

0.3753

0.3235

0.8466

0.9110

EGDI 2024

Technical
Appendix
2024 UN E-Government Survey

0.8037
0.7878
0.7655

High OSI
Very High OSI
Very High OSI
Very High OSI
Very High OSI
Very High OSI
Very High OSI

Peru

Philippines

Poland

Portugal

Qatar

Republic of Korea

Middle OSI
Middle OSI
Middle OSI

Saint Vincent and the Grenadines

Samoa

San Marino

Middle OSI
Middle OSI

Saint Kitts and Nevis

Saint Lucia

Very High OSI
Very High OSI

Russian Federation

Rwanda

High OSI

0.8377
0.8054

Middle OSI

Papua New Guinea

Paraguay

High OSI

0.6712

High OSI

Romania

0.2787

Middle OSI

Palau

Panama

Republic of Moldova

0.7042

High OSI

0.3575

0.3638

0.3906

0.3229

0.3039

0.8207

0.7766

0.6548

0.7264

1.0000

0.3392

0.6505

0.8077

Very High OSI

Oman

0.6642

Pakistan

High OSI

North Macedonia

0.5372

0.3084

0.9117

High OSI

Nigeria

OSI 2024

Very High OSI

Middle OSI

Niger

Norway

OSI Group

(continued)

Country

Table 7

0.7200

0.7600

0.8800

0.7200

0.4400

0.9600

0.9600

1.0000

0.9600

1.0000

0.9600

1.0000

0.8800

0.9600

1.0000

0.8400

0.8400

0.8800

0.5200

1.0000

1.0000

1.0000

0.8800

0.9600

0.8400

IF

0.7778

0.5556

0.4444

0.4444

0.4444

0.8889

0.6667

0.7778

0.6667

1.0000

1.0000

0.7778

0.7778

0.8889

0.8889

0.6667

0.2222

0.7778

0.2222

1.0000

0.8889

1.0000

0.8889

0.7778

0.5556

CP

0.3976

0.2651

0.2892

0.3494

0.3373

0.8434

0.8193

0.5181

0.6627

1.0000

0.8795

0.8193

0.8072

0.7952

0.8434

0.6506

0.3614

0.6506

0.2289

0.7470

0.7711

0.9036

0.6265

0.5060

0.2169

SP

0.1233

0.3014

0.3425

0.1370

0.2055

0.7534

0.6438

0.6849

0.7260

0.9726

0.4795

0.6438

0.7534

0.7260

0.7534

0.6027

0.1918

0.5205

0.3014

0.4932

0.7260

0.8630

0.5753

0.3699

0.2055

EPI

0.3125

0.5000

0.3750

0.3125

0.3125

0.5000

0.7500

0.5625

0.6250

0.8750

0.7500

0.7500

0.7500

0.7500

0.6875

0.7500

0.1250

0.6875

0.1875

0.5625

0.8750

0.7500

0.6875

0.5625

0.3125

TEC

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Low EGDI

EDGI Group

0.6551

0.4899

0.5876

0.5255

0.6305

0.5799

0.8532

0.7636

0.7719

0.9679

0.8244

0.8415

0.8648

0.7621

0.8070

0.7251

0.3076

0.7298

0.5072

0.5096

0.8576

0.9315

0.7070

0.4815

0.2116

EGDI 2024

Technical
Appendix

41

42

(continued)

0.7097

0.8836

0.7611

Very High OSI
0.4472

Middle OSI
Middle OSI

Togo

Tonga

0.3220

0.3406

Middle OSI

Thailand

Timor-Leste

0.3068
0.4476

Middle OSI
Middle OSI

Syrian Arab Republic

Tajikistan

0.8408

Very High OSI
Very High OSI

Sweden

Switzerland

0.1293
0.4814

Low OSI
Middle OSI

Sudan

Suriname

0.5494

0.9054

Very High OSI

Sri Lanka

High OSI

Low OSI

Spain

0.8872
0.1504

Very High OSI

South Africa

South Sudan

0.4970
0.2971

Middle OSI

0.8640

Middle OSI

Slovenia

Solomon Islands

High OSI
Very High OSI

Slovakia

0.3823
0.9831

Somalia

Middle OSI
Very High OSI

Sierra Leone

Singapore

0.4638

0.8540

Very High OSI
Middle OSI

0.4779

0.9899

0.2156

OSI 2024

Middle OSI

Very High OSI

Low OSI

OSI Group

Seychelles

Serbia

Senegal

Saudi Arabia

Sao Tome and Principe

Country

Table 7
IF

0.4400

0.8000

0.6400

1.0000

0.8400

0.8000

1.0000

0.8400

0.8000

0.2400

0.9200

1.0000

0.1600

1.0000

0.8000

0.8000

0.9200

0.9600

1.0000

0.8000

0.6800

0.9200

0.7600

1.0000

0.4800

CP

0.6667

0.5556

0.6667

0.8889

0.5556

0.5556

0.8889

1.0000

0.6667

0.3333

0.3333

1.0000

0.1111

0.8889

0.3333

0.6667

1.0000

0.7778

1.0000

0.5556

0.5556

1.0000

0.5556

1.0000

0.4444

SP

0.2410

0.3253

0.2410

0.6988

0.4578

0.3373

0.8072

0.9398

0.5301

0.1325

0.5663

0.9398

0.1807

0.8916

0.1325

0.4940

0.8916

0.6506

0.9639

0.2651

0.4940

0.7952

0.4699

0.9880

0.1687

EPI

0.3288

0.4521

0.3288

0.7534

0.2740

0.0685

0.8219

0.7945

0.2877

0.0685

0.4110

0.8082

0.1096

0.8356

0.2877

0.3699

0.7808

0.6986

0.9589

0.3288

0.3014

0.8904

0.4247

0.9589

0.1644

TEC

0.4375

0.5000

0.3125

0.5000

0.4375

0.2500

0.6250

0.7500

0.3750

0.2500

0.5625

0.6875

0.3750

0.6875

0.5625

0.4375

0.6875

0.5000

0.9375

0.5625

0.6250

0.6250

0.1875

0.8750

0.2500

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Low EGDI

Very High EGDI

Low EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

EDGI Group

0.5164

0.3920

0.4020

0.8351

0.5606

0.3888

0.9003

0.9326

0.6365

0.2759

0.6667

0.9206

0.1191

0.8616

0.1468

0.3681

0.8759

0.8021

0.9691

0.3042

0.6773

0.8618

0.5162

0.9602

0.4308

EGDI 2024

Technical
Appendix
2024 UN E-Government Survey

0.1377
0.4958

High OSI
Low OSI
Middle OSI
Middle OSI

Viet Nam

Yemen

Zambia

Zimbabwe

0.4769

0.4100

0.7081

0.3576

Middle OSI
Middle OSI

Vanuatu

Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of

0.8832
0.7648

Very High OSI
Very High OSI

Uruguay

Uzbekistan

0.4791
0.9136

Middle OSI

0.9535

Very High OSI

United States of America

United Republic of Tanzania

Northern Ireland

0.9163

Very High OSI
Very High OSI

United Arab Emirates

United Kingdom of Great Britain and

0.6069
0.9854

High OSI
Very High OSI

Uganda

Ukraine

0.2506
0.1944

Low OSI

Middle OSI

Tuvalu

Turkmenistan

0.5951
0.9225

High OSI
Very High OSI

Tunisia

Türkiye

OSI 2024
0.5999

OSI Group
High OSI

(continued)

Trinidad and Tobago

Country

Table 7
IF

0.7600

0.7600

0.3200

0.9600

0.7600

0.8000

0.9200

1.0000

1.0000

0.8800

0.9600

1.0000

0.9600

0.8800

0.4800

0.5600

1.0000

0.9600

0.9600

CP

0.5556

0.3333

0.3333

0.7778

0.4444

0.6667

0.7778

1.0000

0.8889

0.6667

0.7778

1.0000

1.0000

0.7778

0.2222

0.4444

1.0000

0.7778

0.7778

SP

0.3976

0.4940

0.0482

0.7108

0.3614

0.3855

0.7590

0.8313

0.8675

0.4578

0.9518

0.9759

0.9759

0.6506

0.2289

0.3253

0.9277

0.5904

0.6506

EPI

0.2740

0.4110

0.1507

0.6027

0.2192

0.4658

0.6986

0.8630

0.9452

0.2877

0.9726

0.7808

1.0000

0.4384

0.0685

0.0411

0.8630

0.4521

0.3288

TEC

0.4375

0.5625

0.3750

0.5625

0.2500

0.3750

0.6875

0.8125

0.6875

0.6875

0.7500

0.7500

0.7500

0.4375

0.1875

0.1875

0.7500

0.4375

0.7500

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Low EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

EDGI Group

0.4481

0.5424

0.2317

0.7709

0.5360

0.5427

0.7999

0.9006

0.9194

0.4327

0.9577

0.9533

0.8841

0.4464

0.4042

0.4757

0.8913

0.6935

0.6973

EGDI 2024

Technical
Appendix

43

44

Content Provision

Institutional Framework

Government portal(s) ease of finding |Advanced Search features |Sitemap/Index |Help feature/FAQs section |Contact us feature | National portal(s)utilize HTTPS

Technology

references for EMPLOYMENT for youth | Information on how older persons can apply for long term care.

Wi-Fi |Web statistics on usage of the online features/services |Information on available scholarships or other forms of government funding for EDUCATION |Links and

provision in partnership with the private sector| Evidence of free access to services through kiosks, community centers, post offices, libraries, public spaces, or free

|Announcements of forthcoming procurement/ bidding processes |Information about results of procurement/bidding processes online |Information about service

National portal(s) available in more than ONE official language |Information available about payments for government services through channels other than online

/EDUCATION/ EMPLOYMENT AND-OR LABOR/ SOCIAL PROTECTION/ ENVIROMENT/ JUSTICE |Availability of National Data strategy or Policy.

ministerial website on HEALTH /EDUCATION/ EMPLOYMENT AND-OR LABOR/ SOCIAL PROTECTION/ENVIROMENT/ JUSTICE| Information on policies related to HEALTH

a national CIO or equivalent | Legislation/law/policy/regulation on e-participation |Legislation/law/policy/regulation on Open Government Data |Link to the sectoral or

government information| Legislation/law/policy/regulation on personal data protection |Legislation/law/policy/regulation on cybersecurity |Information/contact about

available |Digital ID to access online services |National e-Government/Digital Government strategy or equivalent available |Information on citizens’ rights to access

government agencies/departments/ministries available on the national portal(s) | Links to any sub-national/local government institutions/agencies | Privacy statement(s)

Existence of national government portal (s) |Information available on the organizational structure and/or chart of the government I Names/titles of heads of

citizens to modify own data | Accessibility by businesses to own data

interactions/transactions |Availability of Tutorials or guidance to understand and use online services/Help link | Accessibility by citizens to own data |Possibility for

|Responsive web design |Evidence of being updated in the past month| Advanced search options | Mark favorite/most used online services |Access to list of previous

Feature

Online Service Index (OSI) features accessed

Components

Table 8

Technical
Appendix
2024 UN E-Government Survey

Feature

E-participation portal(s) |Availability of social networking feature(s) |Live chat support functionality | leave feedback option to improve useability and/or accessibility of e-services
|Report corruption by public servants or institutions |Calendar or announcements about any upcoming public engagement or e-participation activities | Online tools to obtain
raw (non-deliberative) inputs for policy deliberation | Evidence of any outcome of e-consultations resulted in new policy decisions/regulations/services |Open government data
portal | In Open Data Portal availability of data dictionary or metadata repository | Guidance or toolkit on using Open Government datasets |Possibility to propose/request new
open datasets be made available online |Information about the organization of competitions/ hackathons/ events around the use of open government data |Open Government
dataset(s) on national government expenditures (budget) |Availability of GIS or other geospatial data |Evidence of user satisfaction of online or mobile services | Information
on government expenditures (budget) on HEALTH/ EDUCATION/ EMPLOYMENT/ SOCIAL PROTECTION/ENVIRONMENT/ JUSTICE | Information about upcoming consultations
intended to involve people in the past 12 months (HEALTH/ EDUCATION/ EMPLOYMENT/ SOCIAL PROTECTION/ ENVIRONMENT/ JUSTICE) |Information about having held
online consultations via forums, polls, questionnaires etc. intended to involve people in the past 12 months (HEALTH/ EDUCATION/ EMPLOYMENT/ SOCIAL PROTECTION/
ENVIRONMENT/ JUSTICE) |Evidence that people’s voices were included in the actual decision-making in the past 12 months (HEALTH/ EDUCATION/ EMPLOYMENT/ SOCIAL
PROTECTION/ ENVIRONMENT/JUSTICE)| Open Government dataset(s) on HEALTH/ EDUCATION/ EMPLOYMENT/ SOCIAL PROTECTION/ENVIRONMENT/ JUSTICE |Report
online a violation of labor laws | Availability of feature for participatory budgeting or similar mechanism I Evidence of open data license for open government datasets
|Open Government dataset(s) on budget/expenditure in EDUCATION/ EMPLOYMENT/ ENVIRONMENT/ HEALTH/JUSTICE /SOCIAL PROTECTION? |Evidence of real time open
government dataset(s) |Evidence of any cocreation and/or co-production of e-service (HEALTH/ EDUCATION/ EMPLOYMENT/ SOCIAL PROTECTION/ENVIRONMENT/ JUSTICE)
|Evidence of e-petition or similar mechanism |Evidence that people’s voices were included in the policy decision-making on issues related to vulnerable group in the past 12
months (for immigrants, older people, persons living below poverty line, persons with disabilities, women, youth).

Evidence of One-Stop-Shop portal(s) | E-procurement platform for bidding processes/submission of tenders | Service provision on Income taxes |Online provision for:
Value Added Tax (VAT), Goods & Services Tax (GST) or equivalent | Apply online for: Visa to enter or transit | Registration or renewal for a: Vehicle (car, truck, motorcycle,
and others) |Online declaration to the police | Notify of moving/changing an address online | Registration for a new company or business entity |Apply/request Birth
certificates |Death certificates |Marriage certificates |Personal Identity Cards | Driver’s license |Land title registration
|Environment-related permits |Building permits| Business licenses| Apply for Government vacancy positions | Pay online for government fees or fines | Water utility
|Energy(electricity/gas) utility |Digital invoices | provision of GIS or other geospatial related online services | Business tax filing | Mobile service provision available through
i) smartphone apps; ii) SMS services; or iii) mobile browser (for HEALTH, EDUCATION, EMPLOYMENT, SOCIAL PROTECTION, ENVIROMENT. JUSTICE) | Students can
apply for government scholarships and fellowships programme | Users can apply for: Social protection programs |Services available to the following vulnerable groups:
poor (below poverty line) /persons with disabilities.
/older persons / immigrants, migrant workers, refugees, and internally displaced persons / women /youth| Eligibility and/or procedure on applying for citizenship or
residency |Apply for: Receiving an affidavit of criminal record/background clearance | Access to justice: retrieve information / file (open) online; / manage of court cases
|Services provided to people retiring from job | Apply for benefits due to illness and injury | Apply for child benefits | Apply for disability compensation benefits |Apply
online for maternal or newborn benefits |Apply or file for unemployment benefits.

E-Participation

Services Provision

(continued)

Components

Table 8

Technical
Appendix

45

46
Middle EPI
High EPI
Middle EPI

Bolivia

Bosnia and Herzegovina

Botswana
Middle EPI
High EPI

Brunei Darussalam

Bulgaria

Very High EPI

Middle EPI

Bhutan

Brazil

Low EPI
Middle EPI

High EPI

Belgium

Benin

Middle EPI

Belarus

Belize

High EPI
Middle EPI

Barbados

Bahrain

Bangladesh

Middle EPI
Very High EPI

Bahamas

Very High EPI

Austria
Middle EPI

Very High EPI

Australia

Azerbaijan

Very High EPI

Armenia

Low EPI

Angola
High EPI

High EPI

Andorra
Middle EPI

Low EPI

Algeria

Argentina

High EPI

Albania

Antigua and Barbuda

Low EPI

EPI Group

0.6712

0.4658

0.863

0.274

0.5479

0.4247

0.4932

0.3699

0.2329

0.5068

0.4932

0.3288

0.6164

0.9041

0.3151

0.4932

0.7808

0.863

0.8493

0.6301

0.3425

0.2192

0.5479

0.0548

0.726

0.1096

EPI 2024

E-participation Index and its components

Afghanistan

Country

Table 9
Rank

59

94

22

141

78

105

88

115

148

85

88

120

70

18

127

88

37

22

27

68

118

152

78

187

49

177

0.8889

0.3333

1

0

0.4444

0.1111

0.3333

0.2222

0

0.1111

0.2222

0.1111

0.8889

1

0

0.4444

0.6667

1

0.6667

0.6667

0

0.2222

0.3333

0.1111

0.7778

0

E-information

0.1429

0.0714

0.4286

0

0

0.0714

0.2857

0.2857

0

0.1429

0.2857

0

0.0714

0.9286

0.1429

0

0.4286

0.7857

0.9286

0.1429

0

0.0714

0.0714

0

0.5

0

E-consultation

0.78

0.6

0.96

0.4

0.72

0.58

0.58

0.42

0.34

0.68

0.6

0.46

0.72

0.88

0.42

0.64

0.9

0.86

0.86

0.76

0.5

0.26

0.72

0.06

0.78

0.16

E-decisionmaking

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Low EGDI

EDGI Group

0.8145

0.7554

0.8403

0.6118

0.6329

0.6651

0.6511

0.4578

0.4872

0.8121

0.7445

0.6815

0.6570

0.9196

0.7143

0.7607

0.9065

0.9577

0.8422

0.8573

0.6428

0.4149

0.6893

0.5956

0.8000

0.2083

EGDI 2024

Technical
Appendix
2024 UN E-Government Survey

EPI Group

Middle EPI

Cambodia

Cameroon

High EPI

Dominican Republic
Very High EPI

Middle EPI

Dominica

Ecuador

Low EPI

Low EPI

Democratic Republic of the Congo
Very High EPI

Low EPI

Democratic People's Republic of Korea

Djibouti

High EPI

Czech Republic

Denmark

High EPI

Cyprus

Côte d'Ivoire
Low EPI

High EPI
Middle EPI

Costa Rica
Very High EPI

Low EPI

Congo

Cuba

Low EPI

Comoros

Croatia

High EPI

Very High EPI

China

Colombia

Middle EPI
Very High EPI

Chile

Low EPI

Chad

Central African Republic

Very High EPI

Middle EPI

Cabo Verde

Canada

Low EPI
High EPI

Burundi

Low EPI

(continued)

Burkina Faso

Country

Table 9

0.8767

0.6575

0.3014

0.0959

0.9863

0.2466

0

0.589

0.6986

0.0548

0.9178

0.411

0.726

0.0822

0

0.7397

0.9315

0.8356

0.3151

0.0822

0.9178

0.4247

0.3151

0.5479

0.2192

0.2192

EPI 2024

Rank

21

61

130

179

2

146

192

74

53

187

15

108

49

182

192

46

12

29

127

182

15

105

127

78

152

152

0.7778

0.2222

0

0

1

0

0

0.2222

0.3333

0

0.8889

0.2222

0.7778

0

0

0.3333

1

0.4444

0

0

0.7778

0.1111

0

0.1111

0

0.1111

E-information

0.9286

0.4286

0

0

1

0

0

0.2143

0.1429

0

0.8571

0.1429

0.4286

0

0

0.4286

0.8571

0.7143

0.0714

0

0.7143

0.0714

0

0

0.3571

0

E-consultation

0.88

0.8

0.44

0.14

0.98

0.36

0

0.76

0.92

0.08

0.94

0.52

0.8

0.12

0

0.9

0.94

0.94

0.44

0.12

1

0.58

0.46

0.78

0.22

0.3

E-decisionmaking

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Low EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Low EGDI

Low EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Low EGDI

Middle EGDI

EDGI Group

0.7800

0.7013

0.5445

0.2911

0.9847

0.2715

0.2320

0.5587

0.8239

0.8619

0.4921

0.8818

0.8009

0.3391

0.2586

0.7793

0.8718

0.8827

0.1785

0.0947

0.8452

0.4294

0.5754

0.6238

0.2480

0.2895

EGDI 2024

Technical
Appendix

47

48
Low EPI

Eswatini

Ethiopia

Low EPI
Low EPI
Low EPI

Guinea-Bissau

Guyana

Haiti
High EPI
Very High EPI
High EPI

Hungary

Iceland

India

Middle EPI

High EPI

Honduras

Middle EPI

Low EPI

Grenada

Guinea

High EPI

Greece

Guatemala

High EPI

Very High EPI

Germany

Ghana

Low EPI
High EPI

Low EPI

Gabon

Georgia

Very High EPI

France

Gambia

Very High EPI

Finland

Middle EPI

Middle EPI

Estonia

Fiji

Low EPI
Very High EPI

Eritrea

Low EPI

Middle EPI

Equatorial Guinea

El Salvador

EPI Group
High EPI

(continued)

Egypt

Country

Table 9

0.6575

0.9589

0.5479

0.3014

0.0959

0.2192

0.2192

0.5068

0.4658

0.2466

0.6712

0.5342

0.9726

0.5616

0.1781

0.1233

0.8082

0.8904

0.3973

0.1644

0.3836

0.9589

0.0137

0.2329

0.3836

0.589

EPI 2024

61

7

78

130

179

152

152

85

94

146

59

82

4

77

164

174

33

19

112

166

113

7

190

148

113

74

Rank

0.3333

0.8889

0.1111

0.3333

0

0

0

0

0.1111

0.1111

0.6667

0.4444

1

0.4444

0

0.1111

0.5556

0.7778

0.2222

0.1111

0.2222

0.8889

0

0.1111

0.3333

0.8889

E-information

0.0714

1

0.1429

0.2857

0

0

0

0.0714

0.0714

0

0.7143

0

0.8571

0.2143

0

0

0.5714

0.7143

0.0714

0.0714

0

0.8571

0

0

0

0.1429

E-consultation

0.88

0.96

0.74

0.3

0.14

0.28

0.32

0.72

0.64

0.34

0.66

0.7

1

0.68

0.26

0.16

0.92

0.96

0.52

0.2

0.52

1

0.02

0.32

0.5

0.66

E-decisionmaking

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Low EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Low EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

EDGI Group

0.6678

0.9671

0.8043

0.4856

0.2116

0.5443

0.3083

0.4006

0.5738

0.6458

0.8674

0.6317

0.9382

0.7792

0.2552

0.5741

0.8744

0.9575

0.6754

0.3111

0.6081

0.9727

0.1576

0.2855

0.5988

0.6699

EGDI 2024

Technical
Appendix
2024 UN E-Government Survey

High EPI

Middle EPI
Middle EPI

Kuwait

Kyrgyzstan

Lao People's Democratic Republic

Low EPI
Low EPI
High EPI

Liberia

Libya

Liechtenstein
High EPI
Middle EPI
Middle EPI
High EPI

Luxembourg

Madagascar

Malawi

Malaysia

Very High EPI

Low EPI

Lesotho

Lithuania

Middle EPI

Lebanon

Very High EPI

Middle EPI

Kiribati

Latvia

High EPI
Middle EPI

Kenya

Very High EPI

Jordan

Kazakhstan

Middle EPI
Very High EPI

Japan

High EPI

Italy

Jamaica

High EPI

Israel

Low EPI
Very High EPI

Iraq

Ireland

Low EPI

Very High EPI

Indonesia

Iran (Islamic Republic of)

EPI Group

(continued)

Country

Table 9

0.6986

0.4521

0.3014

0.6301

0.8356

0.6575

0.0137

0.1644

0.2055

0.4658

0.7808

0.2877

0.4658

0.3014

0.3288

0.5205

0.8493

0.6164

0.9863

0.4384

0.6575

0.6986

0.9178

0.0959

0.1781

0.7945

EPI 2024

53

99

130

68

29

61

190

166

159

94

37

137

94

130

120

83

27

70

2

102

61

53

15

179

164

35

Rank

0.3333

0.1111

0.3333

0.3333

0.5556

0.4444

0

0

0.1111

0.2222

0.5556

0

0.4444

0.2222

0.2222

0.2222

1

0.5556

1

0.2222

0.6667

0.6667

0.7778

0.2222

0.3333

0.5556

E-information

0.5

0.0714

0

0.5

0.6429

0.2143

0

0

0

0

0.4286

0.0714

0.0714

0

0

0.4286

0.4286

0

0.9286

0.2143

0.1429

0.5714

0.9286

0

0

0.7143

E-consultation

0.82

0.62

0.38

0.72

0.94

0.82

0.02

0.24

0.28

0.64

0.92

0.4

0.58

0.4

0.44

0.6

0.94

0.8

1

0.54

0.8

0.74

0.94

0.1

0.2

0.86

E-decisionmaking

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

EDGI Group

0.8111

0.3753

0.3235

0.8466

0.9110

0.8528

0.5466

0.2513

0.4123

0.5449

0.8852

0.4404

0.7316

0.7812

0.4572

0.6314

0.9009

0.6849

0.9351

0.6678

0.8356

0.9014

0.9138

0.4572

0.6564

0.7991

EGDI 2024

Technical
Appendix

49

50
Very High EPI

Mongolia

High EPI
Middle EPI

Pakistan

High EPI

North Macedonia
Very High EPI

Middle EPI

Nigeria

Oman

Low EPI

Niger

Norway

Low EPI

Nicaragua

Very High EPI

Nepal
Very High EPI

Low EPI

Nauru

New Zealand

Low EPI

Namibia

Netherlands

Low EPI
Middle EPI

Myanmar

Low EPI

Mozambique

Middle EPI

Low EPI

Monaco

Morocco

Low EPI

Micronesia (Federated States of)

High EPI

High EPI

Montenegro

Middle EPI

Middle EPI

Marshall Islands

Mexico

High EPI

Malta

Mauritius

Middle EPI

Mali

Low EPI

Middle EPI

Mauritania

EPI Group

Country

(continued)

Maldives

Table 9

0.4932

0.6575

0.863

0.5753

0.3699

0.2055

0.2329

0.9315

0.9315

0.2192

0.2329

0.274

0.1644

0.2055

0.4384

0.5068

0.7808

0.1507

0.137

0.7397

0.411

0.1233

0.3288

0.7397

0.274

0.4795

EPI 2024

88

61

22

76

115

159

148

12

12

152

148

141

166

159

102

85

37

170

172

46

108

174

120

46

141

92

Rank

0.3333

0.4444

1

0.3333

0.2222

0.1111

0

1

0.4444

0.1111

0

0.2222

0.3333

0.1111

0.3333

0.4444

0.3333

0.2222

0

0.3333

0.2222

0

0.1111

0.5556

0.1111

0.2222

E-information

0.1429

0.4286

0.7857

0

0.0714

0

0

0.9286

0.5

0

0

0

0

0

0.1429

0.0714

0.5

0

0

0.6429

0.0714

0

0.4286

0.5

0

0

E-consultation

0.62

0.76

0.86

0.78

0.48

0.28

0.34

0.92

0.96

0.3

0.34

0.36

0.18

0.28

0.54

0.64

0.94

0.18

0.2

0.84

0.54

0.18

0.34

0.84

0.38

0.66

E-decisionmaking

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Low EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

EDGI Group

0.5096

0.8576

0.9315

0.7070

0.4815

0.2116

0.5318

0.9265

0.9538

0.5781

0.4454

0.6007

0.5001

0.2848

0.6841

0.7211

0.8457

0.7175

0.3235

0.7850

0.7506

0.3491

0.4823

0.8886

0.3005

0.6745

EGDI 2024

Technical
Appendix
2024 UN E-Government Survey

High EPI
Low EPI
High EPI

Panama

Papua New Guinea

Paraguay

High EPI

Russian Federation

Low EPI

Middle EPI
Middle EPI
Very High EPI

Sierra Leone

Singapore

Serbia

Seychelles

Middle EPI
Very High EPI

Senegal

Very High EPI

Sao Tome and Principe

Saudi Arabia

Low EPI

Middle EPI

San Marino

Samoa

Low EPI
Middle EPI

Saint Lucia

Saint Vincent and the Grenadines

Low EPI

Saint Kitts and Nevis

Very High EPI

High EPI

Romania

Rwanda

High EPI

Republic of Moldova

Very High EPI

Qatar

Republic of Korea

High EPI
Middle EPI

Portugal

High EPI
Very High EPI

Poland

Philippines

Very High EPI

Middle EPI

Peru

EPI Group

Country

(continued)

Palau

Table 9

0.9589

0.3288

0.3014

0.8904

0.4247

0.9589

0.1644

0.1233

0.3014

0.3425

0.137

0.2055

0.7534

0.6438

0.6849

0.726

0.9726

0.4795

0.6438

0.7534

0.726

0.7534

0.6027

0.1918

0.5205

0.3014

EPI 2024

Rank

7

120

130

19

105

7

166

174

130

118

172

159

42

66

58

49

4

92

66

42

49

42

72

163

83

130

0.8889

0.1111

0.2222

0.8889

0

1

0.2222

0.2222

0.1111

0

0.1111

0

0.5556

0.8889

0.8889

0.6667

1

0.3333

0.4444

0.3333

0.3333

0.3333

0.4444

0

0.3333

0.2222

E-information

1

0

0.2143

0.7857

0.0714

0.7857

0

0

0

0

0.1429

0

0.7143

0.1429

0.0714

0.3571

1

0.0714

0.2857

0.5714

0.6429

0.2857

0.1429

0

0.0714

0

E-consultation

0.96

0.46

0.34

0.92

0.6

1

0.2

0.14

0.42

0.5

0.14

0.3

0.8

0.74

0.82

0.84

0.96

0.62

0.78

0.88

0.82

0.96

0.76

0.28

0.68

0.4

E-decisionmaking

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

EDGI Group

0.9691

0.3042

0.6773

0.8618

0.5162

0.9602

0.4308

0.6551

0.4899

0.5876

0.5255

0.6305

0.5799

0.8532

0.7636

0.7719

0.9679

0.8244

0.8415

0.8648

0.7621

0.8070

0.7251

0.3076

0.7298

0.5072

EGDI 2024

Technical
Appendix

51

52
Middle EPI
Very High EPI

Tunisia

Türkiye

Middle EPI
Very High EPI
Very High EPI

Uganda

Ukraine

United Arab Emirates

Low EPI

Middle EPI

Trinidad and Tobago

Low EPI

Middle EPI

Tonga

Tuvalu

Middle EPI

Turkmenistan

Middle EPI

Togo

Thailand

Timor-Leste

Middle EPI
Very High EPI

Tajikistan

Low EPI

Very High EPI

Switzerland

Syrian Arab Republic

Middle EPI
Very High EPI

Sweden

Low EPI

Middle EPI

Suriname

Sudan

Sri Lanka

Very High EPI

Low EPI

Spain

South Sudan

Middle EPI
Very High EPI

South Africa

Somalia

Very High EPI

Slovenia
Middle EPI

High EPI

Solomon Islands

EPI Group

Country

(continued)

Slovakia

Table 9

0.7808

1

0.4384

0.0685

0.0411

0.863

0.4521

0.3288

0.3288

0.4521

0.3288

0.7534

0.274

0.0685

0.8219

0.7945

0.2877

0.0685

0.411

0.8082

0.1096

0.8356

0.2877

0.3699

0.7808

0.6986

EPI 2024

37

1

102

184

189

22

99

120

120

99

120

42

141

184

32

35

137

184

108

33

177

29

137

115

37

53

Rank

0.5556

1

0.1111

0

0

0.8889

0

0.1111

0.1111

0.2222

0.1111

0.7778

0.1111

0.3333

0.2222

0.7778

0

0.1111

0.2222

0.5556

0

0.7778

0.1111

0

1

0.3333

E-information

0.3571

1

0

0

0

0.7143

0.0714

0.1429

0

0.3571

0

0.4286

0

0

0.6429

0.2143

0

0.0714

0.0714

0.3571

0

0.8571

0.2143

0

0.1429

0.5714

E-consultation

0.94

1

0.62

0.1

0.06

0.9

0.64

0.42

0.46

0.52

0.46

0.84

0.38

0.04

0.98

0.96

0.42

0.06

0.54

0.98

0.16

0.84

0.34

0.54

0.92

0.8

E-decisionmaking

EDGI Group

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Low EGDI

Very High EGDI

Low EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

0.9533

0.8841

0.4464

0.4042

0.4757

0.8913

0.6935

0.6973

0.5164

0.3920

0.4020

0.8351

0.5606

0.3888

0.9003

0.9326

0.6365

0.2759

0.6667

0.9206

0.1191

0.8616

0.1468

0.3681

0.8759

0.8021

EGDI 2024

Technical
Appendix
2024 UN E-Government Survey

(continued)

High EPI
Middle EPI
Low EPI
High EPI
Low EPI
Middle EPI
Middle EPI

Vanuatu

Venezuela

Viet Nam

Yemen

Zambia

Zimbabwe

Very High EPI

Uruguay

Uzbekistan

Very High EPI

Middle EPI

Very High EPI

EPI Group

United States of America

United Republic of Tanzania

Northern Ireland

United Kingdom of Great Britain and

Country

Table 9

0.274

0.411

0.1507

0.6027

0.2192

0.4658

0.6986

0.863

0.9452

0.2877

0.9726

EPI 2024

141

108

170

72

152

94

53

22

11

137

4

Rank

0

0

0

0.5556

0.1111

0.3333

0.3333

1

1

0.2222

1

E-information

0.1429

0.0714

0

0.1429

0

0.2143

0.1429

0.5714

1

0

1

E-consultation

0.36

0.58

0.22

0.74

0.3

0.56

0.92

0.92

0.92

0.38

0.96

E-decisionmaking

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Low EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

EDGI Group

0.4481

0.5424

0.2317

0.7709

0.5360

0.5427

0.7999

0.9006

0.9194

0.4327

0.9577

EGDI 2024

Technical
Appendix

53

54

Middle HCI

0.2643

2024

HCI

High HCI

High HCI

Bhutan

Burkina Faso

Bulgaria

Darussalam

Brunei

Brazil

Botswana

Herzegovina

Bosnia and

State of)

0.7419

0.527

0.5719

0.6222

0.6876

0.5478

0.3715

34.49

98.42

0.1668

Very High HCI 0.7538

Low HCI

97.59

94.69

86.82

98.3

93.85

72.1

47.1

76.9

99

99.87

99.6

74.91

90.98

95.8

99.8

99

99

99.79

99

98.95

72.4

100

81.41

98.5

37.27

Value

2022

2021

2021

2022

2013

2022

2020

2022

2022

2000

2014

2019

2014

2020

2010

2014

2019

2014

2014

2020

2018

2015

2022

2016

2018

2022

2021

Year

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

Source

Adult Literacy (%)
Index

0.6991

High HCI

Very High HCI 0.8077

High HCI

High HCI

High HCI

High HCI

Middle HCI

(Plurinational

0.5834

0.868

Very High HCI 0.8442

Belize

Bolivia

0.7233

0.7376

Very High HCI 0.7845

Benin

Belgium

Belarus

Barbados

High HCI

Very High HCI

Bahrain

Bangladesh

High HCI

High HCI

Azerbaijan

Bahamas

1

Very High HCI

Very High HCI 0.9003

Australia

Austria

0.933

Very High HCI

Very High HCI 0.8561

Argentina

0.7176

Armenia

Barbuda

High HCI

0.476

Middle HCI

Angola

Antigua and

0.6418

0.6668

High HCI

High HCI

Algeria

Andorra

Very High HCI 0.8106

Afghanistan

Albania

HCI Group

47.93

84.86

75.72

91.66

69.04

74.15

79.25

70.37

62.78

72.41

113.18

88.55

95.69

70.16

97.16

74

77.17

100.36

121.45

86.24

100

87.76

61.3

76.71

94.94

84.76

64.43

Value

Index

2022

2021

2020

2020

2021

2022

2007

2018

2020

2022

2021

2022

2011

2022

2022

2014

2022

2021

2021

2022

2021

2012

2011

2022

2022

2022

2018

Year

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

Source

Gross Enrollment Ratio

Human Capital Index (HCI) and its components

Country

Table 10

8.09

13.87

13.7

15.58

11.43

13.28

14.9

12.89

10.37

12.43

18.95

13.98

15.7

11.95

16.3

12.9

12.71

16.37

21.08

14.41

18.98

14.2

12.2

12.78

15.49

14.49

10.54

Value

Index

2022

2020

2020

2021

2021

2022

2021

2019

2021

2022

2021

2022

2021

2020

2022

2021

2022

2021

2021

2022

2021

2021

2021

2022

2022

2022

2018

Year

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNDP

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNDP

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNDP

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNDP

UNDP

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

Source

2.1

11.4

9.2

8.1

10.3

10.5

9.8

5.2

4.3

8.8

10.4

12.1

9.9

7.4

11

12.6

10.5

12.3

12.7

11.3

11.1

9.3

5.4

10.6

8.1

11.3

3

Value

Index

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

Year

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

Source

Expected Year of Schooling Mean Year of Schooling

0.1111

0.5

0.5556

0.8889

0.2222

0.0556

0.3333

0.6111

0.4444

0.1111

0.3889

0.2778

0.4444

0.6667

0.8889

0.6111

0.6111

0.7778

0.8889

1

0.8333

0.3889

0.3889

0.2778

0.1111

0.7778

0.0556

Value

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

Year

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

Source

E-government Iteracy
Index

0.2083

2024

EGDI

0.5956

0.6428

0.4149

0.6893

0.7143
0.6570
0.7445

0.6815

0.6118

0.6329

0.6651

0.6511

0.4578

0.4872

Middle EGDI

0.2895

Very High EGDI 0.8145

Very High EGDI 0.7554

Very High EGDI 0.8403

High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI 0.8121

High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI 0.9196

High EGDI

Very High EGDI 0.7607

Very High EGDI 0.9065

Very High EGDI 0.9577

Very High EGDI 0.8422

Very High EGDI 0.8573

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI 0.8000

Low EGDI

EDGI Group

Technical
Appendix
2024 UN E-Government Survey

Canada

Costa Rica

High HCI

Dominica

Egypt

Ecuador

Republic

0.7189

0.5781

0.28

High HCI

0.615

Very High HCI 0.7715

High HCI

Middle HCI

Dominican

0.4487

0.4924

Very High HCI 0.9584

Middle HCI

Middle HCI

Djibouti

Denmark

Congo

Republic of the

Democratic

of Korea

People's Republic

Democratic

74.5

93.95

95.5

88

70.3

99

80.54

100

99

99.36

Very High HCI 0.8698

Very High HCI 0.8508

Cyprus

Czechia

99.45

89.89
99.67

High HCI

Very High HCI 0.8538

0.4848

98.04

Middle HCI

Very High HCI 0.7877

0.7148

Cuba

Croatia

Côte d’Ivoire

61.71
80.61

0.3992

0.4637

Middle HCI

Middle HCI

Comoros

Congo

97.15
95.64

Very High HCI 0.7902

Very High HCI 0.7793

China

27.28

37.49

Colombia

0.1488

0.1713

97.16

Low HCI

Low HCI

99

Very High HCI 0.8725

Very High HCI 0.8413

Chile

Chad

Republic

Central African

83.78
78.23

0.5149

High HCI

High HCI

Cambodia

Cameroon

91

75.54

Value

2022

2022

2022

2014

2014

2014

2022

2008

2014

2021

2021

2021

2019

2021

2021

2022

2020

2020

2022

2022

2020

2014

2020

2022

2022

2022

Year

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

Source

Adult Literacy (%)
Index

0.5193

High HCI

0.3965

0.5694

Middle HCI

2024

HCI

Burundi

HCI Group

Country

Cabo Verde

(continued)

Table 10

78.32

86.8

78.17

73

38.32

105.94

61.9

70.75

93.23

99.37

84.66

91.61

59.62

100.12

64.46

65.29

89.64

89.96

100.9

46.66

42.18

94.8

71.64

65.72

69.17

66.9

Value

2020

2020

2021

2014

2011

2021

2013

2015

2021

2021

2021

2021

2020

2019

2012

2014

2021

2022

2021

2015

2012

2021

2016

2021

2018

2018

Year

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

Source

Gross Enrollment Ratio
Index

12.91

14.86

13.57

13

7.4

18.77

9.8

10.8

16.35

16.24

14.47

15.57

10.1

15.84

12.3

11.9

14.44

14.2

16.91

8

8

15.96

13.1

12.1

11.86

10.25

Value

Index

2020

2020

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2020

2019

2021

2021

2021

2021

2022

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2018

2018

Year

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNDP

UNDP

UNESCO

UNDP

UNDP

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNDP

UNDP

UNESCO

UNDP

UNESCO

UNDP

UNDP

UNESCO

UNDP

UNDP

UNESCO

UNESCO

Source

9.6

8.8

9.3

8.1

4.1

13

7.02

5.47

12.9

12.4

12.5

12.2

5.2

8.8

6.2

5.1

8.9

7.6

10.9

2.6

4.3

13.8

6.2

5.1

6.3

3.1

Value

Index

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2017

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

Year

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

Source

Expected Year of Schooling Mean Year of Schooling

0.4444

0.7778

0.6667

0.2222

0.2222

0.8333

0.1667

0

0.5556

0.5556

0.1111

0.7222

0.3889

0.5

0.0556

0.1111

0.7778

0.9444

0.5556

0.1111

0

0.6111

0.2222

0.3889

0.4444

0.1667

Value

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

Year

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

Source

E-government Iteracy
Index

0.4294

0.5754

0.6238

0.2480

2024

EGDI

0.1785

0.0947

0.2586
0.3391

0.4921

0.2715

0.2320

0.5587

0.2911

0.7013

0.5445

High EGDI

0.6699

Very High EGDI 0.7800

High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI 0.9847

Middle EGDI

Low EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI 0.8239

Very High EGDI 0.8619

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI 0.8818

Very High EGDI 0.8009

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI 0.7793

Very High EGDI 0.8718

Very High EGDI 0.8827

Low EGDI

Low EGDI

Very High EGDI 0.8452

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Low EGDI

EDGI Group

Technical
Appendix

55

56

0.3324

High HCI

0.5586

0.5933

0.2883

High HCI

Middle HCI

High HCI

Guyana

Haiti

Honduras

0.6149

Very High HCI 0.8739

Very High HCI 0.8426

Israel

Italy

0.4967

Middle HCI

Very High HCI 0.9046

0.6932

High HCI

0.7293

Ireland

Iraq

Republic of)

Iran (Islamic

High HCI

High HCI

India

Indonesia

Very High HCI 0.8703

Very High HCI 0.9953

Hungary

Iceland

0.5182

0.3077

Middle HCI

Middle HCI

Guinea

0.2887

0.755

0.4834

Middle HCI

Very High HCI

Very High HCI 0.9219

Guinea-Bissau

Guatemala

Grenada

Greece

Ghana

99.57

Very High HCI 0.8654

Very High HCI 0.9672

Georgia

Germany

99.35

97.76

99.2

85.6

88.99

96

76.33

99

99.1

88.51

61.69

90.03

53.9

45.33

84.27

98.6

97.94

80.38

99

58.67

85.69

0.2823

Middle HCI

Gambia

0.5772

99

High HCI

Very High HCI 0.8565

Gabon

France

99.08
99

0.7413

51.77

89.28

99.87

76.57

94.37

89.98

Value

2019

2011

2015

2017

2022

2020

2022

2014

2021

2019

2016

2022

2022

2021

2022

2014

2018

2020

2014

2022

2022

2022

2014

2014

2017

2017

2020

2021

2018

2010

2020

Year

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

Source

Adult Literacy (%)
Index

Very High HCI 0.9836

High HCI

Fiji

Finland

0.5836

0.3254

High HCI

Middle HCI

Eswatini

Ethiopia

Very High HCI 0.9497

Middle HCI

Eritrea

Estonia

0.5348

0.4102

High HCI

Middle HCI

2024

HCI

El Salvador

HCI Group

Country

Equatorial Guinea

(continued)

Table 10

93.14

87.29

107.32

63.14

86.09

83.77

73.2

102.62

90.3

62.61

39.4

73.01

62.98

52.84

61.66

99.83

120.52

70.27

98.35

99.6

50.65

74.93

93.86

117.54

77.9

54.53

76.22

98.85

49.14

44.55

66.25

Value

2021

2021

2021

2004

2020

2022

2022

2021

2021

2019

2014

2012

2006

2021

2020

2018

2021

2021

2021

2022

2010

2001

2021

2021

2004

2012

2013

2021

2015

2000

2018

Year

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

Source

Gross Enrollment Ratio
Index

16.66

15.03

19.13

12.1

14.12

13.79

12.96

19.11

15.07

10.1

9.7

12.5

10.6

9.8

10.79

16.59

20.03

11.59

17.34

16.73

9.4

13

15.99

19.23

14.7

9.7

13.7

15.94

8.1

9.7

12.6

Value

Index

2021

2021

2021

2021

2020

2018

2022

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2019

2018

2021

2021

2021

2022

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

Year

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNESCO

UNDP

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNDP

UNDP

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNESCO

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

Source

10.7

13.3

11.6

7.9

10.6

8.6

6.7

13.8

12.2

7.1

5.6

8.6

3.6

2.2

5.7

9

11.4

8.3

14.1

12.8

4.6

9.4

11.6

12.9

10.9

3.2

5.6

13.5

4.9

5.9

7.2

Value

Index

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

Year

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

Source

Expected Year of Schooling Mean Year of Schooling

0.6667

0.8889

0.6111

0.0556

0.3333

0.6667

0.7778

0.9444

0.8889

0.3889

0.0556

0.2778

0

0.3889

0.3333

0.2222

0.6667

0.3889

0.9444

0.5

0

0.1111

0.7222

0.9444

0.5

0.3889

0.3333

1

0.1111

0.1111

0.1667

Value

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

Year

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

Source

E-government Iteracy
Index

0.1576

0.2855

0.5988

2024

EGDI

0.6081
0.6754

0.3111

0.5741
0.2552

0.6317
0.6458

0.4856

0.2116

0.5443

0.3083

0.4006

0.5738

0.6678

0.4572

0.6564

Very High EGDI 0.8356

Very High EGDI 0.9014

Very High EGDI 0.9138

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI 0.7991

High EGDI

Very High EGDI 0.9671

Very High EGDI 0.8043

Middle EGDI

Low EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI 0.8674

High EGDI

Very High EGDI 0.9382

Very High EGDI 0.7792

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI 0.8744

Very High EGDI 0.9575

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI 0.9727

Low EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

EDGI Group

Technical
Appendix
2024 UN E-Government Survey

High HCI

Jamaica

Jordan

High HCI

0.6458

0.4608

0.3669

High HCI

Monaco

States of)

(Federated

Micronesia

0.7456

0.2961

0.5735

Very High HCI 0.7515

High HCI

Very High HCI 0.7603

Mauritius

Mexico

Middle HCI

Mauritania

99

94

95.25

92.15

66.96

98.27

94.94

97.86

Very High HCI 0.8162

0.613

Very High HCI 0.7836

Low HCI

94.97

Malta

High HCI

Maldives

Mali

0.7192

68.08

Marshall Islands

High HCI

Malaysia

0.4749

99
77.48

30.76

Middle HCI

Malawi

0.4141

99.83

99

86.1

48.3

82.01

95.03

99.89

87.52

99.59

96.46

93

82.88

99.78

98.41

99

88.1

Value

Index

2014

2014

2020

2021

2021

2011

2021

2020

2021

2019

2022

2022

2014

2021

2014

2004

2017

2022

2019

2021

2022

2018

2020

2014

2022

2018

2021

2014

2014

Year

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

Source

Adult Literacy (%)

0.125

Middle HCI

Very High HCI 0.7955

Madagascar

Luxembourg

0.5951

Very High HCI 0.8263

High HCI

Very High HCI 0.8861

Middle HCI

Liberia

Libya

0.4862

Liechtenstein

Middle HCI

Lesotho

0.5433

Lithuania

High HCI

Very High HCI 0.8805

Middle HCI

Lebanon

Latvia

Republic

Democratic

Lao People's

0.7083

0.7061

High HCI

High HCI

Kuwait

Kyrgyzstan

0.5271

0.6269

High HCI

High HCI

Kenya

Very High HCI 0.8403

Kiribati

Kazakhstan

0.706

2024

HCI

Very High HCI 0.9117

HCI Group

Country

Japan

(continued)

Table 10

99

75.28

84.79

79.25

49.7

97.79

91.56

48.11

70.61

75.4

70.63

58.57

78.38

97.91

91.62

90.88

65.41

67.12

63.43

101.36

58.83

85.47

88.11

71.85

63.34

93.58

63.59

89.58

79.03

Value

Index

2014

2004

2021

2020

2020

2022

2021

2017

2019

2022

2011

2019

2021

2021

2021

2003

2000

2017

2015

2021

2021

2020

2015

2008

2009

2020

2020

2020

2005

Year

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

Source

Gross Enrollment Ratio

11.8

11.5

14.51

14.61

8.05

16.39

15.86

7.12

12.17

12.93

12.7

9.37

14.2

16.4

15.41

12.9

10.4

11.33

11.3

16.48

10.19

12.99

15.3

11.8

10.7

14.82

10.6

15.46

13.4

Value

Index

2015

2021

2021

2020

2020

2022

2021

2017

2019

2021

2021

2019

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2017

2021

2022

2020

2021

2021

2021

2021

2020

2021

2020

2021

Year

UNDP

UNDP

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNDP

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNDP

UNDP

UNESCO

UNDP

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNESCO

UNDP

UNESCO

UNDP

Source

11.27

7.8

9.2

10.4

4.9

10.9

12.2

2.3

7.3

10.6

4.5

5.1

13

13.5

12.5

7.6

5.1

6

8.7

13.3

5.4

11.4

7.3

8

6.7

12.3

10.4

13.4

9.2

Value

Index

2017

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

Year

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

Source

Expected Year of Schooling Mean Year of Schooling

0.4444

0.2222

0.7222

0.6667

0.0556

0.2778

0.5556

0

0.4444

0.6667

0.3333

0.2778

0.6667

0.6111

0.5556

0.1111

0.2778

0.2222

0.1667

0.5556

0.2778

0.2778

0.3333

0.5556

0.5

0.6667

0.6111

1

0.7222

Value

Index

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

Year

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

Source

E-government Iteracy

0.6678

2024

EGDI

0.6849
0.6314
0.4572

0.4404

0.7316

0.5449

0.5466

0.2513

0.4123

0.3753

0.3235

0.6745
0.3005
0.4823
0.3491

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

0.7175

0.3235

Very High EGDI 0.7850

Very High EGDI 0.7506

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI 0.8886

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI 0.8111

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI 0.8466

Very High EGDI 0.9110

Very High EGDI 0.8528

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI 0.8852

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI 0.7812

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI 0.9009

High EGDI

Very High EGDI 0.9351

High EGDI

EDGI Group

Technical
Appendix

57

58

2024

HCI

0.521

High HCI

High HCI

High HCI

High HCI

Namibia

Nauru

0.3952

0.4236

Middle HCI

High HCI

Nigeria

North Macedonia

Middle HCI

High HCI

Federation

Russian

Romania

Moldova

Republic of

0.912

0.7114

0.7439

Very High HCI 0.8319

High HCI

Very High HCI 0.7776

Republic of Korea Very High HCI

Qatar

Very High HCI 0.8389

0.7256

Portugal

High HCI

0.7469

0.7093

0.3984

0.6866

Very High HCI 0.8304

Philippines

0.35

0.752

Poland

High HCI

High HCI

Paraguay

Peru

High HCI

Middle HCI

Papua New Guinea

Very High HCI

Panama

Palau

Pakistan

Very High HCI 0.9175

Very High HCI 0.7977

Norway

Oman

0.7023

0.1685

Low HCI

Niger

0.561

High HCI

Very High HCI 0.9615

New Zealand

Nicaragua

Very High HCI 0.9688

0.5738

0.5081

Netherlands

Nepal

0.5061

Middle HCI

Mozambique

Myanmar

0.6078

High HCI

Morocco

0.719

High HCI

Montenegro

Very High HCI 0.7775

HCI Group

Country

Mongolia

(continued)

Table 10

99.93

98.9

99.6

98.8

93.46

96.78

99.8

96.28

94.5

94.54

61.6

95.74

96.59

58

97.34

99

98.36

62.02

38.1

82.61

99

99

71.15

92

92.25

89.07

59.78

77.35

98.98

99.18

Value

2021

2021

2021

2018

2017

2021

2021

2019

2020

2020

2010

2019

2015

2019

2022

2014

2020

2018

2022

2015

2014

2014

2021

2014

2021

2019

2020

2022

2021

2020

Year

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

Source

Adult Literacy (%)
Index

97.61

81.33

90.99

99.06

75.51

99.33

96.22

75.41

90.82

70.77

78.93

76.43

93.42

47.81

80.91

105.35

71.25

56.06

41.04

69.69

112.05

103.75

71.64

59.59

71.31

71.53

67.2

86.69

83.76

89.95

Value

2019

2021

2022

2021

2020

2021

2021

2021

2017

2010

2012

2016

2013

2021

2021

2021

2021

2011

2017

2002

2021

2021

2022

2008

2006

2019

2019

2022

2022

2022

Year

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

Source

Gross Enrollment Ratio
Index

15.52

14.51

14.91

16.51

13.26

16.82

15.93

12.78

14.5

13

10.4

13.1

15.8

7.64

12.96

18.64

13

11.2

6.33

12.6

19.68

18.58

12.64

11.7

11.9

11.5

10.36

14.59

14.08

15

Value

Index

2019

2021

2022

2021

2020

2021

2021

2020

2017

2021

2021

2021

2021

2019

2021

2021

2021

2021

2017

2021

2021

2021

2020

2021

2021

2018

2017

2022

2022

2021

Year

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNDP

UNDP

UNESCO

UNDP

UNESCO

UNDP

UNDP

Source

12.8

11.3

11.8

12.5

10

9.6

13.2

9

9.9

8.9

4.7

10.5

12.5

4.5

11.7

13

10.2

7.2

2.1

7.1

12.9

12.6

5.1

7.12

7.2

6.4

3.2

5.9

12.2

9.4

Value

Index

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2017

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

Year

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

Source

Expected Year of Schooling Mean Year of Schooling

0.4444

0.4444

0.3889

0.8333

0.6667

0.6667

0.3889

0.8333

0.5

0.8333

0.0556

0.4444

0.1111

0.6111

0.6667

0.6111

0.6111

0.2778

0.3333

0.3889

0.7778

0.9444

0.5

0.1667

0.3333

0.1111

0.3889

0.3889

0.2222

0.6111

Value

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

Year

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

UN-DESA

Source

E-government Iteracy
Index

2024

EGDI

0.7211

0.5781

0.4454

0.6007

0.5001

0.2848

0.6841

0.5318

0.7070

0.4815

0.2116

0.5096

0.7251

0.3076

0.7298

0.5072

Very High EGDI 0.8532

Very High EGDI 0.7636

Very High EGDI 0.7719

Very High EGDI 0.9679

Very High EGDI 0.8244

Very High EGDI 0.8415

Very High EGDI 0.8648

Very High EGDI 0.7621

Very High EGDI 0.8070

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI 0.8576

Very High EGDI 0.9315

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Low EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI 0.9265

Very High EGDI 0.9538

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI 0.8457

EDGI Group

Technical
Appendix
2024 UN E-Government Survey

0.5928

Solomon Islands

Tajikistan

Republic

Syrian Arab

High HCI

Middle HCI

0.6531

0.4169

Very High HCI 0.9026

0.5568

Switzerland

High HCI

Very High HCI 0.9275

Suriname

0.657

0.2593

Sweden

High HCI

Middle HCI

Sri Lanka

Very High HCI 0.8961

0.1521

99.8

86.3

99

99

95

60.7

92.43

98.59

34.52

90

Low HCI

Very High HCI 0.8026

76.6
41.03

0.4262
0

Low HCI

Middle HCI

Sudan

Spain

South Sudan

South Africa

Somalia

99.7

99.6

0.853

Very High HCI 0.7982

Very High HCI

Slovakia

48.64

Slovenia

0.2718
97.13

Middle HCI

Very High HCI 0.9362

Sierra Leone

96.2

99.48

Very High HCI 0.8094

0.6769

57.67

97.59

93.75

99.92

99.1

88.1

94.8

97.8

75.9

Value

Index

2014

2014

2014

2014

2021

2018

2021

2020

2018

2021

2022

2009

2014

2015

2020

2022

2020

2019

2022

2020

2022

2018

2021

2014

2014

2014

2021

Year

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

Source

Adult Literacy (%)

0.338

Middle HCI

High HCI

Singapore

0.6453

0.6587

Very High HCI 0.9067

High HCI

Seychelles

Serbia

Senegal

Saudi Arabia

Principe

Sao Tome and

High HCI

High HCI

Samoa

0.6956

0.6037

High HCI

High HCI

0.7202

0.5467

2024

HCI

High HCI

San Marino

Grenadines

and the

Saint Vincent

Saint Lucia

Nevis

Saint Kitts and

High HCI

HCI Group

Country

Rwanda

(continued)

Table 10

70.93

55.11

94.6

117.47

60.85

49.69

75.34

106.95

38

84.35

17

55.39

98.18

83.21

118.1

41.15

79.47

86.19

54.37

96.81

76.9

68.16

71.33

83.56

71.29

100

68.55

Value

Index

2013

2013

2021

2021

2021

2015

2021

2021

2014

2021

2014

2007

2021

2021

2021

2001

2022

2022

2022

2020

2015

2022

2000

2015

2022

2015

2022

Year

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

Source

Gross Enrollment Ratio

11.7

9.2

16.58

19.04

10.96

7.9

13.58

17.81

5.5

14.26

2.4

10.3

17.41

14.72

16.9

9.8

13.89

14.5

9.14

16.1

13.4

12.4

12.4

14.7

12.73

15.4

11.38

Value

Index

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2018

2021

2021

2021

2013

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2022

2022

2022

2021

2021

2022

2021

2021

2022

2021

2022

Year

UNDP

UNDP

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNDP

UNDP

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNDP

UNESCO

UNDP

UNESCO

UNDP

UNDP

UNESCO

UNDP

UNDP

UNESCO

UNDP

UNESCO

Source

11.3

5.1

13.9

12.6

9.8

3.8

10.8

10.6

5.7

11.4

0.97

5.7

12.8

12.9

11.9

4.6

10.3

11.4

2.9

11.3

6.2

10.8

11.4

10.8

8.5

8.7

4.4

Value

Index

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

---

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

Year

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

Source

Expected Year of Schooling Mean Year of Schooling

0.3333

0.2222

0.7222

0.6667

0.2222

0.0556

0.2778

0.7778

0.1111

0.8889

0.1667

0.2778

0.3333

0.5556

1

0.2222

0.2778

0.7222

0.4444

1

0.2778

0.3889

0.2222

0.3333

0.2778

0.1667

0.7778

Value

Index

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

Year

High EGDI

EDGI Group

UN-DESA High EGDI

UN-DESA Middle EGDI

UN-DESA Very High EGDI

UN-DESA Very High EGDI

UN-DESA High EGDI

UN-DESA Middle EGDI

UN-DESA High EGDI

UN-DESA Very High EGDI

UN-DESA Low EGDI

UN-DESA Very High EGDI

UN-DESA Low EGDI

UN-DESA Middle EGDI

UN-DESA Very High EGDI

UN-DESA Very High EGDI

UN-DESA Very High EGDI

UN-DESA Middle EGDI

UN-DESA High EGDI

UN-DESA Very High EGDI

UN-DESA High EGDI

UN-DESA Very High EGDI

UN-DESA Middle EGDI

UN-DESA High EGDI

UN-DESA Middle EGDI

UN-DESA High EGDI

UN-DESA High EGDI

UN-DESA High EGDI

UN-DESA

Source

E-government Iteracy

0.5606

0.3888

0.9003

0.9326

0.6365

0.2759

0.6667

0.9206

0.1191

0.8616

0.1468

0.3681

0.8759

0.8021

0.9691

0.3042

0.6773

0.8618

0.5162

0.9602

0.4308

0.6551

0.4899

0.5876

0.5255

0.6305

0.5799

2024

EGDI

Technical
Appendix

59

60

High HCI

0.6497

High HCI

0.824

0.5023

High HCI

Middle HCI

High HCI

High HCI

Viet Nam

Yemen

Zambia

Zimbabwe

Republic of)

(Bolivarian

0.5395

0.6225

0.267

0.7267

0.7115

0.5347

High HCI

Vanuatu

Venezuela

High HCI

0.758

89.85

87.5

54.1

95.75

96.6

89.1

100

98.77

Very High HCI 0.8749

Very High HCI

America

Uruguay

82.02

99

Uzbekistan

0.4399

0.945

99

Middle HCI

Very High HCI

98.29

100

80.59

98

99.7

96.74

83.56

98.7

99.4

66.54

69.9

94.1

Value

2022

2020

2004

2019

2022

2021

2022

2019

2014

2022

2014

2022

2021

2022

2014

2014

2019

2022

2010

2021

2019

2020

2021

Year

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

Source

Adult Literacy (%)
Index

Very High HCI 0.8842

United States of

of Tanzania

United Republic

Ireland

and Northern

of Great Britain

United Kingdom

Emirates

0.6614

0.5463

Very High HCI 0.9436

High HCI

Very High HCI

Uganda

Ukraine

United Arab

High HCI

High HCI

Turkmenistan

Very High HCI 0.9192

0.7174

High HCI

Tuvalu

Türkiye

Tunisia

Tobago

Trinidad and

0.4813

Middle HCI

Togo

Tonga

0.7488

0.5104

High HCI

Timor-Leste

2024

HCI

Very High HCI 0.8032

HCI Group

Country

Thailand

(continued)

Table 10

66.25

85

55.52

91.9

89.57

63.5

78.88

101.98

96.96

53.69

99.47

95.49

85.22

68.94

65.37

82.46

114.9

82.74

67.3

92.6

75.88

77.01

87.5

Value

2013

---

2011

2022

2009

2004

2023

2021

2021

2021

2021

2020

2021

2004

2001

2022

2021

2016

2004

2020

2017

2010

2023

Year

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

Source

Gross Enrollment Ratio
Index

12.1

10.9

9.1

13

12.8

11.5

11.99

17.35

16.41

8.59

17.63

17.21

13.33

10.1

9.4

13.24

19.68

15.4

14.5

16.29

12.57

12.6

15.58

Value

Index

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2020

2021

2021

2021

2022

2021

2021

2021

2020

2017

2021

2020

Year

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNDP

UNDP

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNDP

UNDP

UNESCO

UNESCO

UNDP

UNDP

Source

8.7

7.2

3.2

8.4

11.1

7.1

11.9

9

13.7

6.4

13.4

12.7

11.1

5.7

10.6

11.3

8.6

7.4

11.6

11.4

5

5.4

8.7

Value

Index

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

2021

Year

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

UNDP

Source

Expected Year of Schooling Mean Year of Schooling

0.1111

0.5556

0.0556

0.6111

0.3333

0.3333

0.7222

0.8333

0.6111

0.3889

0.8333

1

0.9444

0.4444

0.1111

0.0556

0.9444

0.3889

0.5

0.1111

0.2778

0.3333

0.8889

Value

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

2024

Year

EDGI Group

UN-DESA Middle EGDI

UN-DESA High EGDI

UN-DESA Low EGDI

UN-DESA Very High EGDI

UN-DESA High EGDI

UN-DESA High EGDI

UN-DESA Very High EGDI

UN-DESA Very High EGDI

UN-DESA Very High EGDI

UN-DESA Middle EGDI

UN-DESA Very High EGDI

UN-DESA Very High EGDI

UN-DESA Very High EGDI

UN-DESA Middle EGDI

UN-DESA Middle EGDI

UN-DESA Middle EGDI

UN-DESA Very High EGDI

UN-DESA High EGDI

UN-DESA High EGDI

UN-DESA High EGDI

UN-DESA Middle EGDI

UN-DESA Middle EGDI

UN-DESA Very High EGDI

Source

E-government Iteracy
Index

0.4481

0.5424

0.2317

0.7709

0.5360

0.5427

0.7999

0.9006

0.9194

0.4327

0.9577

0.9533

0.8841

0.4464

0.4042

0.4757

0.8913

0.6935

0.6973

0.5164

0.3920

0.4020

0.8351

2024

EGDI

Technical
Appendix
2024 UN E-Government Survey

0.9877

Very High TII

Very High TII

Very High TII

Very High TII

Austria

Azerbaijan

Bahamas

High TII

Bolivia

0.7089

0.8169

0.4817

Middle TII

Very High TII

Benin

Bhutan

0.5292

0.8698

0.9156

0.7624

0.6501

0.8203

0.9810

0.9509

High TII

Very High TII

Belgium

Belize

Very High TII

Very High TII

Barbados

Belarus

High TII

Bangladesh

Bahrain

0.8652

Very High TII

Australia

0.8425
0.8782

Very High TII

Very High TII

Argentina

Armenia

0.7943

0.3724

Middle TII

Very High TII

Antigua and Barbuda

Angola

0.8129
0.9231

Very High TII

Very High TII

Algeria

Andorra

0.2167

TII 2024

0.7750

Low TII

TII Group

99.60

94.89

108.97

66.00

102.00

120.00

114.86

108.71

120.00

98.54

107.00

120.00

109.56

120.00

120.00

120.00

66.69

120.00

109.17

97.89

55.51

subscriptions

telephone

cellular

of Mobile

Percentage

consumption basket
price

using the
Internet

73.28

86.84

33.76

70.35

94.01

89.51

76.21

44.50

100.00

94.41

88.20

93.61

94.88

77.03

88.38

91.41

39.29

94.49

71.24

82.61

7.36

2.19

12.55

3.85

1.00

1.57

3.59

1.40

1.70

1.09

1.81

1.00

1.00

1.00

1.00

3.02

4.49

1.10

2.42

1.45

20.39

data and voice high-

of Individuals

17.60

Percentage of Mobile

Percentage

Telecommunications Infrastructure Index (TII) and its components

Very High TII

Albania

Afghanistan

Country

Table 11

8.30

2.87

22.96

6.98

1.00

1.00

3.56

1.54

2.96

1.58

1.75

1.00

1.21

4.20

5.66

4.83

12.18

2.30

3.87

1.27

14.96

price

Internet basket

broadband

of Fixed-

Percentage
Percentage of

86.70

98.01

67.22

44.20

94.89

97.76

64.81

55.92

120.00

98.54

77.11

120.00

120.00

102.05

72.90

51.50

26.27

95.21

99.68

75.30

55.51

subscriptions

broadband

Active mobile-

High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Low EGDI

EDGI Group

0.6651

0.6511

0.4578

0.4872

0.8121

0.7445

0.6815

0.6570

0.9196

0.7143

0.7607

0.9065

0.9577

0.8422

0.8573

0.6428

0.4149

0.6893

0.5956

0.8000

0.2083

EGDI 2024

Technical
Appendix

61

62

Very High TII

Bulgaria

Middle TII

0.2776

Very High TII

Middle TII

Middle TII

Colombia

Comoros

High TII

Very High TII

High TII

Very High TII

Croatia

Cuba

Cyprus

Czechia

Costa Rica

Very High TII

Very High TII

China

Congo

0.3537

Very High TII

Chile

0.8941

0.5318

0.9180

0.6693

0.8933

0.8065

0.8995

0.9455

0.1194

Low TII

0.0000

Low TII

Chad

0.8078

0.3700

0.7609

0.6128

0.0330

0.3640

0.9171

0.9868

0.8069

0.8649

0.7763

TII 2024

Central African Republic

Very High TII

Cameroon

Canada

High TII

Very High TII

Cabo Verde

Cambodia

Low TII

Burundi

Middle TII

Very High TII

Brunei Darussalam

Burkina Faso

Very High TII

Very High TII

Botswana

Very High TII

Bosnia and Herzegovina

Brazil

TII Group

(continued)

Country

Table 11

120.00

67.78

111.17

120.00

120.00

94.64

100.24

120.00

120.00

120.00

68.14

33.60

92.11

88.92

116.33

99.23

58.14

112.00

117.44

117.76

98.89

120.00

117.89

subscriptions

telephone

cellular

of Mobile

Percentage

consumption basket
price

using the
Internet

77.33

89.60

73.22

82.07

38.41

82.60

36.25

16.40

72.80

75.61

90.68

12.18

7.51

94.00

43.86

56.73

72.10

11.28

19.92

79.13

99.00

80.53

1.00

5.03

1.00

5.88

1.00

15.64

14.09

1.50

1.00

1.00

20.39

20.39

1.00

15.93

3.10

20.12

20.39

18.29

1.00

1.00

1.00

3.19

2.33

data and voice high-

of Individuals

83.38

Percentage of Mobile

Percentage

1.00

6.79

1.00

12.98

1.64

30.96

29.15

3.80

1.00

1.83

16.43

16.43

1.05

19.78

11.61

2.85

32.12

31.07

1.52

1.20

3.05

7.39

10.09

price

Internet basket

broadband

of Fixed-

Percentage

86.10

42.20

120.00

91.38

96.55

15.80

61.53

76.17

107.84

109.48

3.40

5.22

81.04

36.04

101.97

74.59

8.33

60.90

115.59

118.82

93.06

108.16

64.89

subscriptions

broadband

Active mobile-

Percentage of

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Low EGDI

Low EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Low EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

EDGI Group

0.8239

0.8619

0.4921

0.8818

0.8009

0.3391

0.2586

0.7793

0.8718

0.8827

0.1785

0.0947

0.8452

0.4294

0.5754

0.6238

0.2480

0.2895

0.8145

0.7554

0.8403

0.6118

0.6329

EGDI 2024

Technical
Appendix
2024 UN E-Government Survey

0.6946

High TII

0.8263

Very High TII

Middle TII

Very High TII

Gabon

Gambia

Georgia

0.9071

0.3877

0.9791
0.9228

Very High TII

Very High TII

0.7507

0.2659

Finland

Middle TII

Ethiopia

0.7851

0.9731

France

Very High TII

Eswatini

Very High TII

Very High TII

Estonia

0.1405

0.2532

0.7526

0.7444

Fiji

Low TII

Middle TII

Eritrea

Equatorial Guinea

El Salvador

Very High TII

High TII

High TII

Dominican Republic

Ecuador

Egypt

0.6833

High TII

0.6757

0.3840

Middle TII

Djibouti

Dominica

0.1591
0.9966

Low TII

0.1745

0.9204

TII 2024

Very High TII

Denmark

the Congo

Democratic Republic of

Republic of Korea

Low TII

Very High TII

Côte d'Ivoire

Democratic People's

TII Group

(continued)

Country

Table 11

120.00

101.00

120.00

118.85

120.00

107.00

57.89

120.00

120.00

49.70

53.34

120.00

92.01

97.17

90.39

85.90

47.46

120.00

50.34

23.10

120.00

subscriptions

telephone

cellular

of Mobile

Percentage

consumption basket
price

using the
Internet

78.71

54.19

73.70

85.33

93.00

85.22

19.38

58.25

91.02

26.59

66.82

62.89

72.20

72.69

89.03

83.38

65.03

98.78

27.24

0.00

1.17

20.39

2.89

1.00

1.00

10.39

4.92

4.65

1.00

12.87

19.50

2.90

1.60

2.97

3.32

5.86

10.36

1.00

20.39

1.29

1.00

data and voice high-

of Individuals

84.54

Percentage of Mobile

Percentage

2.35

33.04

7.23

1.18

1.00

1.80

16.34

13.37

1.00

32.12

12.86

6.67

2.79

4.74

2.66

5.57

8.77

1.00

16.43

1.07

1.00

price

Internet basket

broadband

of Fixed-

Percentage
Percentage of

110.00

50.30

94.40

107.00

120.00

76.10

26.91

113.53

120.00

25.00

0.89

74.85

64.83

59.43

71.64

67.80

35.61

120.00

26.19

23.10

105.03

subscriptions

broadband

Active mobile-

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Low EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Low EGDI

High EGDI

EDGI Group

0.7792

0.2552

0.5741

0.8744

0.9575

0.6754

0.3111

0.6081

0.9727

0.1576

0.2855

0.5988

0.6699

0.7800

0.7013

0.5445

0.2911

0.9847

0.2715

0.2320

0.5587

EGDI 2024

Technical
Appendix

63

64
0.6942

Very High TII

Very High TII

Indonesia

Iran (Islamic Republic of)

0.9235

0.6499

Very High TII

High TII

Jordan

Kazakhstan

0.7296
0.9509

High TII

0.9017

0.9763

Very High TII

Very High TII

Italy

Jamaica

Very High TII

Israel

0.9599

0.6874

0.8987

0.9983

Japan

Very High TII

Ireland

High TII

0.8645

High TII

India

Iraq

0.5700

Very High TII

Iceland

0.8282

0.4799

Middle TII

Very High TII

0.2087

Honduras

Low TII

Hungary

High TII

Guyana

Haiti

0.4902

0.4323

Middle TII

Middle TII

0.6767
0.5843

High TII

High TII

Grenada

Guatemala

Guinea

0.7281
0.8657

High TII

Very High TII

Ghana

Greece

Guinea-Bissau

0.9236

Very High TII

Germany

TII 2024

TII Group

(continued)

Country

Table 11

120.00

67.57

120.00

106.20

120.00

120.00

113.00

98.18

120.00

120.00

80.65

120.00

103.00

76.08

63.90

106.00

120.00

102.00

115.18

81.10

109.32

119.62

120.00

subscriptions

telephone

cellular

of Mobile

Percentage

consumption basket
price

using the
Internet

69.84

92.30

90.50

84.92

85.12

85.06

92.09

95.59

78.72

81.72

66.48

48.08

99.86

89.14

59.71

39.30

85.32

31.57

33.92

54.40

79.90

83.17

1.14

3.54

1.49

5.81

1.00

1.00

1.00

2.55

4.20

1.71

1.11

1.00

1.11

9.45

15.62

3.46

7.97

9.32

3.12

5.17

1.35

3.74

1.00

data and voice high-

of Individuals

92.48

Percentage of Mobile

Percentage

1.00

6.71

1.09

8.91

1.06

1.00

1.46

2.54

4.91

6.13

2.80

1.40

1.00

12.76

33.04

3.65

33.04

11.29

6.26

4.89

1.88

12.76

1.00

price

Internet basket

broadband

of Fixed-

Percentage

96.18

67.57

120.00

66.67

95.91

120.00

118.60

46.18

116.00

116.00

56.36

120.00

81.59

49.78

28.20

33.80

62.50

23.40

17.00

76.60

100.10

68.38

95.54

subscriptions

broadband

Active mobile-

Percentage of

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Low EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

EDGI Group

0.9009

0.6849

0.9351

0.6678

0.8356

0.9014

0.9138

0.4572

0.6564

0.7991

0.6678

0.9671

0.8043

0.4856

0.2116

0.5443

0.3083

0.4006

0.5738

0.6458

0.8674

0.6317

0.9382

EGDI 2024

Technical
Appendix
2024 UN E-Government Survey

0.8815

Very High TII

0.1238
0.9639

Low TII

Middle TII

Very High TII

Mali

Malta

Very High TII

Very High TII

Maldives

Mauritius

Very High TII

Malaysia

High TII

Low TII

Malawi

Middle TII

Low TII

Madagascar

Marshall Islands

0.4432

Very High TII

Luxembourg

Mauritania

0.7886

Very High TII

Lithuania

0.9159

0.5824

0.3047

0.9747

0.9862

0.1886

0.1518

0.9888

0.9631

0.9906

Very High TII

Very High TII

Libya

Liechtenstein

0.4643

Middle TII

Lesotho

Liberia

0.9660
0.6425

Very High TII

High TII

0.5338

High TII

Lebanon

Latvia

Republic

Lao People's Democratic

Kyrgyzstan

0.9988

0.3544

Middle TII

Very High TII

Kiribati

0.5901

TII 2024

Kuwait

TII Group

High TII

(continued)

Kenya

Country

Table 11

120.00

113.12

38.00

120.00

114.50

120.00

120.00

60.13

66.55

120.00

120.00

120.00

120.00

31.80

67.52

76.70

117.10

65.00

112.17

120.00

48.83

120.00

subscriptions

telephone

cellular

of Mobile

Percentage

consumption basket
price

using the
Internet

75.50

44.36

73.22

91.54

33.05

83.91

97.40

27.66

20.58

99.35

87.72

96.80

88.43

30.13

47.04

90.05

92.19

66.15

79.77

99.75

54.42

1.38

8.64

7.90

1.00

17.01

2.54

1.05

14.91

15.54

1.00

1.00

1.00

1.20

20.39

11.66

15.38

1.00

8.21

2.73

1.00

15.05

5.96

data and voice high-

of Individuals

40.81

Percentage of Mobile

Percentage

1.42

19.19

11.87

1.00

24.05

2.54

2.48

33.04

33.04

1.00

1.00

1.00

1.00

28.61

6.10

1.03

1.37

1.18

6.22

1.18

8.34

16.61

price

Internet basket

broadband

of Fixed-

Percentage
Percentage of

117.33

73.42

0.00

120.00

58.48

53.61

120.00

38.34

24.08

115.65

120.00

120.00

120.00

54.99

67.12

77.80

120.00

56.40

120.00

120.00

48.42

59.02

subscriptions

broadband

Active mobile-

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

EDGI Group

0.7506

0.3491

0.4823

0.8886

0.3005

0.6745

0.8111

0.3753

0.3235

0.8466

0.9110

0.8528

0.5466

0.2513

0.4123

0.5449

0.8852

0.4404

0.7316

0.7812

0.4572

0.6314

EGDI 2024

Technical
Appendix

65

66
0.9229

0.1578

0.4910

Middle TII

Panama

Very High TII

Middle TII

Pakistan

Palau

0.4745

Very High TII

Oman

0.7546

0.8523

0.9674

0.9654

Very High TII

0.4836

Very High TII

Nigeria

North Macedonia

Low TII

Middle TII

Niger

0.5851

0.8728

0.9715

0.7288

Norway

High TII

Very High TII

Nicaragua

New Zealand

0.7653

Very High TII

Very High TII

Nepal

Netherlands

0.5863

High TII

High TII

Namibia

Nauru

0.0632
0.6662

Low TII

High TII

Myanmar

0.8827

Mozambique

Very High TII

Very High TII

Montenegro

Morocco

0.9374

0.9171

Very High TII

Very High TII

Monaco

0.1350

Mongolia

States of)

0.8310

TII 2024

Low TII

Very High TII

Mexico

Micronesia (Federated

TII Group

(continued)

Country

Table 11

120.00

120.00

81.75

120.00

112.12

97.83

102.00

56.40

101.01

115.00

118.07

120.00

79.90

113.20

106.70

45.38

120.00

120.00

120.00

106.82

19.40

107.00

subscriptions

telephone

cellular

of Mobile

Percentage

consumption basket
price

using the
Internet

73.61

27.00

32.95

97.85

99.00

84.23

35.46

16.94

61.05

95.73

92.52

49.56

82.67

62.22

48.10

21.21

90.65

88.22

83.91

98.38

40.54

1.87

2.08

1.51

1.99

1.00

2.16

3.54

12.17

6.06

1.00

1.00

3.00

1.49

2.57

4.93

18.70

2.29

1.04

1.88

1.00

12.99

1.22

data and voice high-

of Individuals

78.63

Percentage of Mobile

Percentage

3.75

5.00

12.72

3.66

1.12

3.23

19.33

28.61

20.75

12.53

1.00

1.06

10.29

8.70

15.33

33.04

3.84

1.73

1.71

1.00

6.19

2.13

price

Internet basket

broadband

of Fixed-

Percentage

96.85

0.00

51.54

115.91

117.06

69.66

41.36

28.00

64.00

96.18

120.00

89.05

32.00

77.41

97.09

23.16

88.64

102.53

117.61

103.40

0.00

94.01

subscriptions

broadband

Active mobile-

Percentage of

High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Low EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

EDGI Group

0.7298

0.5072

0.5096

0.8576

0.9315

0.7070

0.4815

0.2116

0.5318

0.9265

0.9538

0.5781

0.4454

0.6007

0.5001

0.2848

0.6841

0.7211

0.8457

0.7175

0.3235

0.7850

EGDI 2024

Technical
Appendix
2024 UN E-Government Survey

(continued)

0.3724

Very High TII

Very High TII

Very High TII

Very High TII

Very High TII

Very High TII

Very High TII

Middle TII

Poland

Portugal

Qatar

Republic of Korea

Republic of Moldova

Romania

Russian Federation

Middle TII

High TII

Very High TII

Very High TII

Senegal

Seychelles

Very High TII

0.8913

0.9221

0.7328

0.9841

0.4839

0.9491

0.4606

Middle TII

Very High TII

0.6767

0.6498

High TII

High TII

0.8675

0.8922

0.8118

0.9917

0.9963

0.8979

0.9603

0.7554

Very High TII

Serbia

Saudi Arabia

Sao Tome and Principe

San Marino

Samoa

Grenadines

Saint Vincent and the

Saint Lucia

Saint Kitts and Nevis

Rwanda

0.9512

Very High TII

Philippines

0.7947
0.8364

Very High TII

Very High TII

0.1851

TII 2024

Paraguay

Low TII

TII Group

Peru

Papua New Guinea

Country

Table 11

120.00

120.00

120.00

120.00

86.37

120.00

60.40

100.46

95.60

119.00

79.86

120.00

118.11

120.00

120.00

120.00

120.00

120.00

120.00

120.00

120.00

48.40

subscriptions

telephone

cellular

of Mobile

Percentage

consumption basket
price

using the
Internet

76.35

86.67

83.54

59.98

100.00

56.99

85.06

75.29

77.74

74.19

76.46

34.44

90.42

85.50

63.53

97.20

100.00

84.50

86.94

72.26

74.68

4.28

1.00

5.50

1.34

7.78

1.10

5.31

6.29

5.39

2.47

7.13

1.00

1.00

1.00

1.00

1.00

1.00

1.00

2.32

1.39

3.03

13.23

data and voice high-

of Individuals

26.99

Percentage of Mobile

Percentage

1.14

2.31

17.75

4.47

15.57

2.30

15.10

6.71

4.73

3.15

33.04

1.00

1.00

1.99

1.03

1.99

1.48

1.09

11.26

2.99

4.00

12.02

price

Internet basket

broadband

of Fixed-

Percentage
Percentage of

99.22

109.54

98.05

120.00

40.58

120.00

33.65

58.54

51.80

102.00

60.10

110.89

93.63

86.45

120.00

120.00

95.74

120.00

69.81

85.30

70.95

11.10

subscriptions

broadband

Active mobile-

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

EDGI Group

0.6773

0.8618

0.5162

0.9602

0.4308

0.6551

0.4899

0.5876

0.5255

0.6305

0.5799

0.8532

0.7636

0.7719

0.9679

0.8244

0.8415

0.8648

0.7621

0.8070

0.7251

0.3076

EGDI 2024

Technical
Appendix

67

68

Very High TII

Slovenia

Very High TII

Tunisia

0.4784
0.8357

0.7745

Middle TII

Very High TII

0.2474

0.3551

0.9410

0.5810

0.4426

0.9576

0.9868

0.8714

0.4392

0.7936

0.9603

0.0547

0.8951

0.1432

0.1811

0.9107

0.8985

0.9881

0.2585

TII 2024

Low TII

Trinidad and Tobago

Tonga

Togo

Middle TII

High TII

Very High TII

Tajikistan

Thailand

Timor-Leste

Middle TII

Very High TII

Switzerland

Syrian Arab Republic

Very High TII

Very High TII

Suriname

Sweden

Middle TII

Very High TII

Sudan

Sri Lanka

Low TII

Very High TII

South Sudan

Spain

Very High TII

South Africa

Low TII

Very High TII

Slovakia

Somalia

Very High TII

Singapore

Low TII

Middle TII

Sierra Leone

Solomon Islands

TII Group

(continued)

Country

Table 11

120.00

120.00

60.70

74.18

110.42

120.00

119.00

79.85

120.00

120.00

120.00

73.97

120.00

120.00

49.00

120.00

50.26

67.00

120.00

120.00

120.00

97.70

subscriptions

telephone

cellular

of Mobile

Percentage

consumption basket
price

using the
Internet

73.84

79.98

57.50

37.62

40.75

87.98

36.09

34.70

96.80

95.70

75.76

28.70

50.11

94.49

12.14

74.70

27.60

44.96

88.91

91.40

95.95

1.52

2.73

3.11

17.40

18.56

2.92

4.89

2.51

1.00

1.00

7.62

5.78

1.00

1.29

12.87

3.49

5.33

20.39

1.00

1.36

1.00

20.39

data and voice high-

of Individuals

30.35

Percentage of Mobile

Percentage

2.61

3.35

3.57

32.62

30.31

3.45

5.87

2.54

1.00

1.13

3.61

2.79

1.00

1.27

32.12

3.89

33.04

33.04

1.77

1.00

1.00

28.61

price

Internet basket

broadband

of Fixed-

Percentage

85.83

54.71

38.00

38.00

29.89

120.00

40.00

21.90

105.00

120.00

120.00

47.60

94.88

110.81

6.97

120.00

2.53

18.10

96.01

86.74

120.00

21.20

subscriptions

broadband

Active mobile-

Percentage of

High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Low EGDI

Very High EGDI

Low EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

EDGI Group

0.6935

0.6973

0.5164

0.3920

0.4020

0.8351

0.5606

0.3888

0.9003

0.9326

0.6365

0.2759

0.6667

0.9206

0.1191

0.8616

0.1468

0.3681

0.8759

0.8021

0.9691

0.3042

EGDI 2024

Technical
Appendix
2024 UN E-Government Survey

United Arab Emirates

Very High TII

Uzbekistan

0.5088
0.3947

High TII

Middle TII

Zambia

Zimbabwe

0.8780

0.5390

0.2905

Very High TII

High TII

0.6165

0.8769

0.9437

0.9605

0.3792

0.9747

1.0000

0.8428

0.2299

0.4720

0.5151

0.8322

TII 2024

Middle TII

Yemen

Viet Nam

Republic of

Venezuela, Bolivarian

High TII

Very High TII

Vanuatu

Very High TII

Uruguay

Middle TII

United States of America

Tanzania

United Republic of

Ireland

Britain and Northern

Very High TII

Very High TII

Ukraine

United Kingdom of Great

Low TII

Very High TII

Uganda

High TII

Middle TII

Tuvalu

Very High TII

Türkiye

Turkmenistan

TII Group

(continued)

Country

Table 11

87.62

99.10

52.69

120.00

66.26

78.20

106.42

120.00

110.17

91.90

120.00

120.00

120.00

69.99

80.30

98.60

105.81

subscriptions

telephone

cellular

of Mobile

Percentage

consumption basket
price

using the
Internet

21.30

32.56

31.23

17.69

78.59

61.60

69.89

83.90

89.87

97.13

31.90

95.34

100.00

79.22

10.34

81.19

20.39

3.82

6.14

1.00

2.94

7.47

1.02

2.69

1.00

6.87

1.00

1.05

1.46

10.88

5.47

2.43

1.00

data and voice high-

of Individuals

85.96

Percentage of Mobile

Percentage

9.45

14.71

4.03

2.64

3.99

30.02

1.71

2.30

1.00

22.04

1.16

1.00

1.87

33.04

13.68

4.68

1.29

price

Internet basket

broadband

of Fixed-

Percentage
Percentage of

59.56

55.26

29.18

96.94

52.14

120.00

107.00

115.82

120.00

28.60

115.06

120.00

80.10

54.35

0.00

49.99

83.96

subscriptions

broadband

Active mobile-

Middle EGDI

High EGDI

Low EGDI

Very High EGDI

High EGDI

High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Very High EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Middle EGDI

Very High EGDI

EDGI Group

0.4481

0.5424

0.2317

0.7709

0.5360

0.5427

0.7999

0.9006

0.9194

0.4327

0.9577

0.9533

0.8841

0.4464

0.4042

0.4757

0.8913

EGDI 2024

Technical
Appendix

69

70
Americas

Finland

France

Iceland

Italy

Helsinki

Paris

Reykjavik

Rome

Brazil

Uruguay

Europe

Sao Paulo

Americas

Colombia

Russian Federation

Bogota

Moscow

Montevideo

Europe
Europe

Ukraine

Austria

Kyiv

Vienna

Europe

Europe

Europe

Europe

Americas

Asia
Asia

Bahrain

Japan

Manama

Tokyo

Asia

Europe

China

Britain and Northern Ireland

United Kingdom of Great

Asia

Asia

Europe

Asia

Americas

Asia

Europe

Asia

Europe

Europe

Region

Shanghai

London

Republic of Korea

Singapore

Seoul

Türkiye

Germany

Istanbul

Berlin

Singapore

United Arab Emirates

United States of America

Dubai

New York

Saudi Arabia

Denmark

Riyadh

Copenhagen

Estonia

Spain

Tallinn

Country

Very High LOSI

Very High LOSI

Very High LOSI

Very High LOSI

Very High LOSI

Very High LOSI

Very High LOSI

Very High LOSI

Very High LOSI

Very High LOSI

Very High LOSI

Very High LOSI

Very High LOSI

Very High LOSI

Very High LOSI

Very High LOSI

Very High LOSI

Very High LOSI

Very High LOSI

Very High LOSI

Very High LOSI

Very High LOSI

Very High LOSI

Very High LOSI

LOSI Group

Local Online Service Index and its components

Madrid

City

Table 12

21

21

21

21

19

19

16

16

16

13

13

13

12

9

9

9

8

7

4

4

4

3

1

1

Rank

0.8125

0.8125

0.8125

0.8125

0.8333

0.8333

0.8438

0.8438

0.8438

0.8542

0.8542

0.8542

0.8646

0.875

0.875

0.875

0.8854

0.8958

0.9063

0.9063

0.9063

0.9167

0.9271

0.9271

LOSI 2024

1.0000

1.0000

1.0000

1.0000

1.0000

1.0000

1.0000

1.0000

1.0000

1.0000

1.0000

1.0000

1.0000

1.0000

1.0000

1.0000

1.0000

1.0000

0.8000

0.8000

1.0000

1.0000

1.0000

1.0000

IF

0.9000

0.8667

0.9667

0.9000

0.9333

1.0000

0.9333

0.9333

0.9667

0.9667

0.7667

0.7000

0.9000

0.9000

0.9333

0.9000

0.9333

0.8667

1.0000

0.9333

0.9667

1.0000

0.9333

1.0000

CP

0.8000

0.8667

0.9667

0.9000

0.7667

0.8333

0.8667

0.9333

0.9667

0.9667

0.3000

0.6000

0.6667

0.7000

0.6333

0.6333

0.7000

0.8333

0.7333

0.9000

0.9333

0.8667

1.0000

0.9333

SP

0.8182

0.8182

0.4545

0.7273

1.0000

0.7273

0.9091

0.6364

0.6364

0.9091

0.7273

0.9091

0.7273

0.7273

0.8182

0.9091

0.9091

0.7273

0.8182

0.8182

0.7273

0.8182

0.6364

0.9091

EPI

0.6000

0.6000

0.5000

0.7000

0.8000

0.7000

0.7000

1.0000

0.8000

0.7000

0.5000

0.4000

0.7000

0.6000

0.7000

0.7000

0.7000

0.7000

0.7000

0.6000

0.6000

0.7000

0.8000

0.6000

TEC

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

OSI Group

OSI

0.7624

0.9076

0.8440

0.9097

0.8832

0.9063

0.7766

0.7521

0.8383

0.9854

0.9427

0.9030

0.9258

0.9535

0.9831

1.0000

0.9238

0.9225

0.9136

0.9163

0.9992

0.9899

0.9054

0.9954

2024

Technical
Appendix
2024 UN E-Government Survey

Europe
Americas
Asia
Europe
Europe

Bulgaria

Canada

Qatar

Netherlands

Sofia

Toronto

Doha

Amsterdam

Europe

Ireland

Czechia

Portugal

Indonesia

Lisbon

Jakarta

Dublin

Europe

Mexico

Mexico City

Prague

Americas

Slovakia

Bratislava

Europe

Europe

Europe

Asia

Europe

Europe

Luxembourg

Belgium

Luxembourg-Ville

Asia

Americas

Europe

Brussels

Ecuador

Israel

Guayaquil

Tel Aviv

Poland

Lithuania

Warsaw

Vilnius

Oceania

Europe

Norway

Oceania

New Zealand

Sweden

Auckland

Stockholm

Australia

Asia

Oslo

Europe

Croatia

Kazakhstan

Zagreb

Almaty

Sydney

Europe
Americas

Switzerland

Argentina

Zurich

Region

Buenos Aires

Country
Europe

(continued)

Latvia

Riga

City

Table 12

High LOSI

High LOSI

High LOSI

High LOSI

High LOSI

High LOSI

High LOSI

Very High LOSI

Very High LOSI

Very High LOSI

Very High LOSI

Very High LOSI

Very High LOSI

Very High LOSI

Very High LOSI

Very High LOSI

Very High LOSI

Very High LOSI

Very High LOSI

Very High LOSI

Very High LOSI

Very High LOSI

Very High LOSI

Very High LOSI

Very High LOSI

LOSI Group

49

47

47

45

45

44

43

40

40

40

39

37

37

35

35

32

32

32

27

27

27

27

27

21

21

Rank

0.6771

0.6875

0.6875

0.7083

0.7083

0.7188

0.7396

0.75

0.75

0.75

0.7604

0.7708

0.7708

0.7813

0.7813

0.7917

0.7917

0.7917

0.8021

0.8021

0.8021

0.8021

0.8021

0.8125

0.8125

LOSI 2024

0.8000

1.0000

1.0000

1.0000

1.0000

0.8000

0.8000

1.0000

0.8000

0.8000

1.0000

0.8000

0.8000

1.0000

1.0000

1.0000

0.8000

0.8000

1.0000

1.0000

1.0000

1.0000

1.0000

1.0000

1.0000

IF

0.6667

0.9000

0.8333

0.8667

0.8667

0.9000

0.8667

0.8333

0.8000

0.9000

0.9000

0.7000

0.8000

0.9000

0.9333

0.8333

0.8667

0.8667

0.9333

0.9333

0.9000

0.9667

0.9000

0.9000

0.8667

CP

0.5667

0.5000

0.5667

0.4000

0.6667

0.5667

0.6667

0.7667

0.8333

0.7333

0.8667

0.4333

0.4667

0.5333

0.5667

0.7000

0.7000

0.6667

0.6333

0.7000

0.7333

0.7000

0.7333

0.7667

0.7667

SP

0.6364

0.3636

0.5455

0.7273

0.3636

0.7273

0.6364

0.7273

0.8182

0.9091

0.8182

0.3636

0.2727

0.6364

0.7273

0.6364

0.5455

0.7273

0.7273

0.7273

0.7273

0.7273

0.8182

0.7273

0.9091

EPI

0.7000

0.6000

0.4000

0.7000

0.6000

0.7000

0.7000

0.6000

0.7000

0.7000

0.7000

0.6000

0.4000

0.4000

0.5000

0.5000

0.7000

0.7000

0.7000

0.6000

0.6000

0.6000

0.6000

0.6000

0.7000

TEC

High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

High OSI

High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

OSI Group

OSI

0.7006

0.8768

0.8035

0.7878

0.7637

0.7097

0.7224

0.7555

0.8541

0.8851

0.8839

0.8037

0.9222

0.9117

0.9212

0.7655

0.8552

0.7727

0.8836

0.9453

0.9390

0.8735

0.7965

0.8408

0.8092

2024

Technical
Appendix

71

72
Africa
Africa
Europe
Asia

Viet Nam

Albania

Monaco

Rwanda

Kenya

Hungary

Ho Chi Minh City

Tirana

Monaco

Kigali

Nairobi

Budapest

Asia

Europe
Asia

Dominican Republic

Georgia

Malaysia

Greece

Santo Domingo

Tbilisi

Kuala Lumpur

Athens

Asia

Jordan

Kyrgyzstan

Chile

Amman

Bishkek

Santiago

India

Republic of Moldova

Mumbai

Serbia

Belgrade

Chisinau (Kishinev)

Europe

Panama

Panama City

Americas

Asia

Asia

Europe

Americas

Europe

Oman

Slovenia

Muscat

Ljubljana

Asia

Asia

Americas

Africa

Philippines

South Africa

Quezon

Johannesburg

Europe

Europe

Asia

Asia

Armenia

Mongolia

Yerevan

Ulaanbaatar

Asia

Europe

Thailand

Region

Romania

Country

Bangkok

(continued)

Bucharest

City

Table 12

High LOSI

High LOSI

High LOSI

High LOSI

High LOSI

High LOSI

High LOSI

High LOSI

High LOSI

High LOSI

High LOSI

High LOSI

High LOSI

High LOSI

High LOSI

High LOSI

High LOSI

High LOSI

High LOSI

High LOSI

High LOSI

High LOSI

High LOSI

High LOSI

High LOSI

LOSI Group

74

72

72

70

70

68

68

65

65

65

62

62

62

59

59

59

58

55

55

55

53

53

52

51

49

Rank

0.5313

0.5417

0.5417

0.5625

0.5625

0.5729

0.5729

0.5833

0.5833

0.5833

0.5938

0.5938

0.5938

0.6042

0.6042

0.6042

0.6146

0.625

0.625

0.625

0.6354

0.6354

0.6563

0.6667

0.6771

LOSI 2024

0.6000

0.8000

0.8000

0.8000

1.0000

1.0000

0.8000

0.8000

0.6000

1.0000

0.8000

0.6000

1.0000

1.0000

1.0000

1.0000

1.0000

0.4000

0.8000

0.8000

0.8000

0.4000

0.8000

0.8000

0.8000

IF

0.6333

0.6667

0.7000

0.6667

0.6333

0.9333

0.8333

0.2667

0.5333

0.6667

0.6333

0.6667

0.7000

0.4667

0.9000

0.9333

0.9000

0.6000

0.6000

0.6000

0.6333

0.7000

0.7000

0.7000

0.8667

CP

0.4667

0.3333

0.4000

0.3333

0.5333

0.4333

0.6333

0.1667

0.2333

0.3333

0.3333

0.3667

0.4333

0.5667

0.7667

0.6667

0.9000

0.3333

0.4333

0.4667

0.4333

0.4667

0.4333

0.6000

0.4000

SP

0.3636

0.6364

0.3636

0.7273

0.5455

0.3636

0.5455

0.1818

0.1818

0.2727

0.4545

0.3636

0.2727

0.8182

0.5455

0.8182

0.2727

0.2727

0.3636

0.2727

0.5455

0.5455

0.5455

0.2727

0.4545

EPI

0.4000

0.4000

0.5000

0.6000

0.5000

0.8000

0.6000

0.6000

0.6000

0.4000

0.5000

0.6000

0.7000

0.6000

0.7000

0.7000

0.7000

0.4000

0.5000

0.7000

0.5000

0.5000

0.6000

0.6000

0.6000

TEC

Very High OSI

High OSI

Very High OSI

High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

High OSI

High OSI

High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Middle OSI

Very High OSI

High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

Very High OSI

High OSI

OSI Group

OSI

0.8612

0.6072

0.7591

0.7264

0.8184

0.8540

0.6505

0.8640

0.8077

0.8145

0.7280

0.5652

0.6405

0.8872

0.8054

0.7144

0.7770

0.8207

0.4838

0.8144

0.7081

0.8222

0.7922

0.7611

0.6548

2024

Technical
Appendix
2024 UN E-Government Survey

Nepal

Montenegro

Egypt

Guatemala

Morocco

Tunisia

Kathmandu

Podgorica

Cairo

Ciudad De Guatemala

Casablanca

Tunis

Belize

Uzbekistan

Mauritius

Uganda

Belize City

Tashkent

Port Louis

Kampala

Cuba

Maldives

Havana

Azerbaijan

Baku

Male

Bangladesh

Dhaka

Sierra)

Bolivia

Paraguay

Asuncion

Santa Cruz (de la

North Macedonia

Skopje

Americas

Peru

Bhutan

Lima

Liechtenstein

Vaduz

Thimphu Thromde

Europe

Costa Rica

San Jose

Africa

Africa

Asia

Americas

Asia

Americas

Asia

Asia

Americas

Africa

Africa

Americas

Africa

Europe

Asia

Americas

Europe

Asia

Americas

Europe

Europe

Andorra

Belarus

Asia

Region

Andorra La Vella

Country

Minsk

Cyprus

(continued)

Nicosia

City

Table 12

Middle LOSI

Middle LOSI

Middle LOSI

Middle LOSI

Middle LOSI

Middle LOSI

Middle LOSI

Middle LOSI

Middle LOSI

Middle LOSI

Middle LOSI

Middle LOSI

Middle LOSI

Middle LOSI

Middle LOSI

Middle LOSI

Middle LOSI

High LOSI

High LOSI

High LOSI

High LOSI

High LOSI

High LOSI

High LOSI

LOSI Group

97

97

95

95

92

92

92

91

90

89

86

86

86

85

84

83

82

81

80

76

76

76

76

74

Rank

0.3542

0.3542

0.3646

0.3646

0.375

0.375

0.375

0.3854

0.4063

0.4167

0.4271

0.4271

0.4271

0.4479

0.4583

0.4688

0.4896

0.5

0.5104

0.5208

0.5208

0.5208

0.5208

0.5313

LOSI 2024

0.6000

0.8000

0.6000

0.4000

0.0000

0.4000

0.8000

0.6000

0.6000

0.6000

1.0000

0.8000

0.8000

0.8000

1.0000

0.2000

0.6000

0.4000

0.8000

0.8000

0.6000

0.8000

0.8000

0.6000

IF

0.5000

0.4000

0.6333

0.8667

0.0667

0.4667

0.4000

0.3333

0.5000

0.7000

0.7667

0.7333

0.5333

0.7333

0.8333

0.2333

0.4333

0.4000

0.3333

0.5333

0.6333

0.6000

0.6333

0.6333

CP

0.2667

0.2667

0.4667

0.5667

0.2667

0.2667

0.1667

0.3333

0.3000

0.3000

0.2667

0.5667

0.8333

0.7000

0.7667

0.1667

0.1667

0.2333

0.2333

0.1333

0.3000

0.2667

0.3000

0.2333

SP

0.0909

0.2727

0.1818

0.5455

0.0000

0.0909

0.2727

0.1818

0.2727

0.5455

0.7273

0.3636

0.3636

0.2727

0.8182

0.2727

0.1818

0.2727

0.3636

0.3636

0.0000

0.1818

0.3636

0.7273

EPI

0.5000

0.6000

0.5000

0.6000

0.4000

0.4000

0.6000

0.5000

0.6000

0.6000

0.7000

0.5000

0.5000

0.5000

0.7000

0.5000

0.5000

0.6000

0.5000

0.5000

0.4000

0.6000

0.6000

0.7000

TEC

High OSI

High OSI

Very High OSI

Middle OSI

High OSI

Low OSI

High OSI

High OSI

High OSI

High OSI

High OSI

High OSI

High OSI

High OSI

Middle OSI

High OSI

High OSI

High OSI

Very High OSI

High OSI

High OSI

High OSI

Middle OSI

Very High OSI

OSI Group

OSI

0.6069

0.5903

0.7648

0.4054

0.6220

0.2298

0.7386

0.7374

0.5987

0.5951

0.5618

0.6538

0.7002

0.5214

0.4481

0.6712

0.6642

0.5886

0.8377

0.7416

0.7217

0.5760

0.4780

0.8217

2024

Technical
Appendix

73

74

Jamaica

Liberia

Bosnia and Herzegovina

Kingston

Monrovia

Sarajevo

Namibia

Pakistan

Sierra Leone

Tajikistan

Cameroon

Windhoek

Karachi

Freetown

Dushanbe

Yaounde

Republic

Lao People's Democratic

Kuwait

Kuwait City

Vientiane

Guyana

Honduras

Georgetown

Tegucigalpa

Nicaragua

Solomon Islands

Managua

Myanmar

Yangon

Honiara

Fiji

Suva

Côte d'Ivoire

Syrian Arab Republic

Ethiopia

Addis Ababa

Abidjan

Sri Lanka

Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of

Damascus

United Republic of Tanzania

Dar Es Salaam

Caracas

Colombo

Afghanistan

Iran (Islamic Republic of)

Country

Kabul

(continued)

Tehran

City

Table 12

Africa

Asia

Africa

Asia

Africa

Asia

Europe

Africa

Americas

Asia

Americas

Americas

Oceania

Americas

Asia

Oceania

Asia

Asia

Africa

Africa

Americas

Africa

Asia

Asia

Region

Low LOSI

Middle LOSI

Middle LOSI

Middle LOSI

Middle LOSI

Middle LOSI

Middle LOSI

Middle LOSI

Middle LOSI

Middle LOSI

Middle LOSI

Middle LOSI

Middle LOSI

Middle LOSI

Middle LOSI

Middle LOSI

Middle LOSI

Middle LOSI

Middle LOSI

Middle LOSI

Middle LOSI

Middle LOSI

Middle LOSI

Middle LOSI

LOSI Group

122

116

116

116

116

116

116

114

114

111

111

111

107

107

107

107

106

104

104

103

99

99

99

99

Rank

0.2396

0.25

0.25

0.25

0.25

0.25

0.25

0.2604

0.2604

0.2708

0.2708

0.2708

0.2813

0.2813

0.2813

0.2813

0.3021

0.3229

0.3229

0.3333

0.3438

0.3438

0.3438

0.3438

LOSI 2024

0.4000

0.4000

0.6000

0.0000

0.6000

0.8000

0.6000

0.8000

0.6000

0.4000

0.4000

0.8000

0.6000

0.6000

0.6000

0.6000

0.6000

0.8000

0.6000

0.4000

0.4000

0.4000

0.0000

0.6000

IF

0.2000

0.2000

0.1667

0.4000

0.2333

0.4000

0.2667

0.3333

0.2667

0.3667

0.5000

0.5667

0.3000

0.4667

0.3333

0.3667

0.5667

0.6667

0.7000

0.2000

0.3667

0.3000

0.3667

0.4000

CP

0.0000

0.0667

0.1333

0.0667

0.0667

0.0333

0.1000

0.1000

0.1667

0.1333

0.1000

0.0000

0.2667

0.2333

0.2333

0.3667

0.2667

0.2333

0.5667

0.0333

0.0667

0.1333

0.2000

0.2000

SP

0.0909

0.1818

0.0909

0.0909

0.0909

0.0000

0.1818

0.0909

0.2727

0.1818

0.0000

0.1818

0.1818

0.0909

0.4545

0.0909

0.2727

0.3636

0.4545

0.1818

0.1818

0.0909

0.0909

0.1818

EPI

0.8000

0.5000

0.4000

0.4000

0.7000

0.4000

0.5000

0.4000

0.4000

0.5000

0.6000

0.5000

0.6000

0.5000

0.5000

0.4000

0.6000

0.5000

0.6000

0.4000

0.5000

0.6000

0.5000

0.6000

TEC

Middle OSI

Middle OSI

Middle OSI

High OSI

Middle OSI

Middle OSI

High OSI

Middle OSI

High OSI

High OSI

Middle OSI

Middle OSI

Middle OSI

Middle OSI

Middle OSI

High OSI

High OSI

Middle OSI

High OSI

Middle OSI

Middle OSI

Middle OSI

Middle OSI

Low OSI

OSI Group

OSI

0.3988

0.4476

0.3823

0.7042

0.4996

0.3265

0.5003

0.2633

0.5677

0.6365

0.4587

0.3455

0.4970

0.4493

0.3259

0.5343

0.5494

0.3068

0.5219

0.3420

0.3576

0.4791

0.3773

0.1438

2024

Technical
Appendix
2024 UN E-Government Survey

Africa
Africa

Turkmenistan

Somalia

Zimbabwe

Mogadishu

Harare

Africa
Africa

Mali

Mozambique

Bamako

Maputo

Guinea

Senegal

Conakry

Africa

Gabon

Iraq

Libreville

Baghdad

Dakar

Asia

Madagascar

Burkina Faso

Antananarivo

Ouagadougou

Algeria

Africa

Malawi

Papua New Guinea

Lilongwe

Port Moresby

Burundi

Africa
Africa

Cambodia

Eswatini

Phnom Penh

Mbabane

Algiers

Africa
Oceania

Cabo Verde

Praia

Bujumbura

Africa

Brunei Darussalam

Bandar Seri Begawan

Africa

Africa

Africa

Asia

Africa

Asia

Africa

Zambia

Benin

Lusaka

Cotonou

Africa

Africa

Ghana

Angola

Kumasi

Luanda

Africa

Asia

Americas

El Salvador

Ashkhabad

Africa

Region

San Salvador

Country

Congo

(continued)

Brazzaville

City

Table 12

Low LOSI

Low LOSI

Low LOSI

Low LOSI

Low LOSI

Low LOSI

Low LOSI

Low LOSI

Low LOSI

Low LOSI

Low LOSI

Low LOSI

Low LOSI

Low LOSI

Low LOSI

Low LOSI

Low LOSI

Low LOSI

Low LOSI

Low LOSI

Low LOSI

Low LOSI

Low LOSI

Low LOSI

Low LOSI

LOSI Group

144

144

144

144

141

141

141

140

138

138

136

136

133

133

133

129

129

129

129

128

126

126

122

122

122

Rank

0.1354

0.1354

0.1354

0.1354

0.1563

0.1563

0.1563

0.1667

0.1771

0.1771

0.1875

0.1875

0.1979

0.1979

0.1979

0.2083

0.2083

0.2083

0.2083

0.2188

0.2292

0.2292

0.2396

0.2396

0.2396

LOSI 2024

0.2000

0.2000

0.6000

0.2000

0.2000

0.0000

0.2000

0.2000

0.6000

0.6000

0.0000

0.2000

0.2000

0.2000

0.2000

0.0000

0.2000

0.8000

0.0000

0.4000

0.8000

0.8000

0.4000

0.6000

0.8000

IF

0.2000

0.2333

0.2667

0.2000

0.3333

0.2667

0.3333

0.4333

0.3333

0.4333

0.1000

0.1333

0.2333

0.2333

0.2000

0.4000

0.3333

0.3000

0.3333

0.3000

0.3667

0.3667

0.3333

0.2333

0.1000

CP

0.0000

0.0333

0.0000

0.1333

0.0000

0.1000

0.0000

0.0333

0.1667

0.0667

0.0333

0.0333

0.0000

0.0333

0.0333

0.0333

0.0667

0.0333

0.1000

0.1333

0.0000

0.0000

0.0667

0.1667

0.1667

SP

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0909

0.0909

0.1818

0.0909

0.0909

0.2727

0.0909

0.0000

0.0909

0.0000

0.0909

0.0909

0.1818

0.1818

0.0909

0.1818

0.0909

0.1818

0.2727

0.2727

0.0909

EPI

0.5000

0.3000

0.3000

0.4000

0.4000

0.4000

0.4000

0.4000

0.5000

0.5000

0.5000

0.5000

0.4000

0.4000

0.7000

0.4000

0.5000

0.5000

0.7000

0.4000

0.6000

0.5000

0.5000

0.4000

0.3000

TEC

Middle OSI

Middle OSI

Middle OSI

Middle OSI

Low OSI

Middle OSI

Middle OSI

Middle OSI

Middle OSI

Middle OSI

Middle OSI

Middle OSI

High OSI

High OSI

High OSI

Middle OSI

Middle OSI

Middle OSI

Middle OSI

High OSI

Middle OSI

Middle OSI

Middle OSI

High OSI

Middle OSI

OSI Group

OSI

0.4779

0.4808

0.3146

0.3320

0.1875

0.3187

0.3376

0.4045

0.3392

0.4625

0.4557

0.4503

0.6892

0.5802

0.5202

0.4958

0.3959

0.3334

0.3962

0.6084

0.4100

0.2971

0.2506

0.5090

0.2760

2024

Technical
Appendix

75

76

Antigua and Barbuda

Bahamas

Barbados

Botswana

Central African Republic

Chad

Comoros

St. John

Nassau

Bridgetown

Gaborone

Bangui

N'Djamena

Moroni

Guinea-Bissau

Haiti

Kiribati

Lebanon

Lesotho

Bissau

South Tarawa

Beirut

Maseru

Africa

Eritrea

Grenada

Asmara

St. George's

Port-Au-Prince

Africa

Equatorial Guinea

Bata

Africa

Asia

Oceania

Americas

Africa

Americas

Americas

Dominica

Roseau

Africa

Africa

Djibouti

Congo

Democratic Republic of the

Asia

Africa

Africa

Africa

Africa

Americas

Americas

Americas

Americas

Oceania

Djibouti

Kinshasa

of Korea

Democratic People's Republic

Trinidad and Tobago

Port-Of-Spain

Pyongyang

Seychelles

Vanuatu

Victoria

Africa

Region
Africa

Country

Gambia

(continued)

Port Vila

Banjul

City

Table 12

Not Assessed

Not Assessed

Not Assessed

Not Assessed

Not Assessed

Not Assessed

Not Assessed

Not Assessed

Not Assessed

Not Assessed

Not Assessed

Not Assessed

Not Assessed

Not Assessed

Not Assessed

Not Assessed

Not Assessed

Not Assessed

Not Assessed

Low LOSI

Low LOSI

Low LOSI

Low LOSI

LOSI Group

152

152

152

152

152

152

152

152

152

152

152

152

152

152

152

152

152

152

152

151

149

149

148

Rank

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0.0417

0.0938

0.0938

0.125

LOSI 2024

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.2000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

IF

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.2667

0.0333

0.1333

0.1333

CP

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0333

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

SP

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

EPI

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.3000

0.2000

0.4000

0.4000

TEC

Middle OSI

Middle OSI

Middle OSI

Low OSI

Low OSI

High OSI

Low OSI

Low OSI

Middle OSI

Low OSI

Low OSI

Low OSI

Middle OSI

Low OSI

Middle OSI

Middle OSI

High OSI

Middle OSI

Low OSI

High OSI

Middle OSI

Middle OSI

Low OSI

OSI Group

OSI

0.2864

0.4489

0.3904

0.1379

0.1270

0.5056

0.0000

0.1932

0.3798

0.2092

0.0291

0.0230

0.2674

0.1128

0.3985

0.4976

0.5402

0.4166

0.2067

0.5999

0.4769

0.4638

0.0955

2024

Technical
Appendix
2024 UN E-Government Survey

Micronesia (Federated States of)

Nauru

Niger

Nigeria

Palau

Saint Kitts and Nevis

Saint Lucia

Palikir

Yaren

Niamey

Lagos

Koror

Basseterre

Castries

Timor-Leste

Togo

Tonga

Tuvalu

Yemen

Dili

Lome

Nuku'Alofa

Funafuti

Sana'a

Africa

Sudan

Suriname

Khartoum

Paramaribo

Africa

Sao Tome and Principe

South Sudan

Sao Tome

Juba

Asia

Oceania

Oceania

Africa

Asia

Americas

Africa

Europe

San Marino

Oceania

Samoa

Americas

San Marino

Grenadines

Americas

Americas

Oceania

Africa

Africa

Oceania

Oceania

Africa

Oceania

Europe

Africa

Region

Apia

Kingstown

Mauritania

Saint Vincent and the

Marshall Islands

Nouakchott

Malta

Country

Majuro

Pawl il-Banar

Libya

(continued)

St. Paul's Bay/San

Tripoli

City

Table 12

Not Assessed

Not Assessed

Not Assessed

Not Assessed

Not Assessed

Not Assessed

Not Assessed

Not Assessed

Not Assessed

Not Assessed

Not Assessed

Not Assessed

Not Assessed

Not Assessed

Not Assessed

Not Assessed

Not Assessed

Not Assessed

Not Assessed

Not Assessed

Not Assessed

Not Assessed

Not Assessed

LOSI Group

152

152

152

152

152

152

152

152

152

152

152

152

152

152

152

152

152

152

152

152

152

152

152

Rank

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

LOSI 2024

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

IF

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

CP

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

SP

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

EPI

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

0.0000

TEC

Low OSI

Low OSI

Middle OSI

Middle OSI

Middle OSI

Middle OSI

Low OSI

Low OSI

Low OSI

Middle OSI

Middle OSI

Middle OSI

Middle OSI

Middle OSI

Middle OSI

High OSI

Middle OSI

Low OSI

Middle OSI

Low OSI

Middle OSI

Very High OSI

Low OSI

OSI Group

OSI

0.1377

0.1944

0.3220

0.4472

0.3406

0.4814

0.1293

0.1504

0.2156

0.3575

0.3638

0.3906

0.3229

0.3039

0.2787

0.5372

0.3084

0.2439

0.2621

0.1688

0.3586

0.8749

0.0808

2024

Technical
Appendix

77

78

E-Government Literacy

Technology

discrimination | Real time communication | Feedback/complaint submission | Online deliberation processes | Social networking features | Reporting of incidents

Engagement

on online services use | Portal authentication | Live chat support with a person | Social networking features

Internal search mechanism | Facilitation of free Internet access | Access to physical spaces | Privacy policy | Open data metadata | Online user support | Information

Business data accessibility | Business data updating | Helpdesk call number.

standards | Online user support | Information on online services use | Evidence of portal content update | Personal data accessibility | Personal data updating |

mechanism | Alignment with markup validation standards | Alignment with display standards | Alignment with accessibility

Contact details | Browser compatibility | Ease of portal finding | Mobile device accessibility | Navigability | Internal search mechanism | Internal advanced search

processes | e-Voting | Information on the public meetings of the municipal council.

in public spaces | Participatory budgeting | Participatory land use plan | Announcement of upcoming e-participation activities | Feedback about consultation

Municipality responsiveness emails | Quality of email response | Budget-related information | Open data provision | Open data metadata | Report of any form of

registration | e-Procurement service | Online vacancies | Business tax payment | Online fees payment | Water payment | Electricity/gas payment.

| Online birth certificate | Online death certificate | Online marriage certificate | Address change notification | Online land title registration | Online vehicle

Police online declaration | Online driver’s license | Online building permit | Online environment related permit | Online business license | Online residentship

| Waste and recycling information | Road safety information | MGP usage statistics | COVID-19 information.

of smart cities initiatives | Evidence of emerging technologies use | Statistical data and studies | Public transportation information | Evidence of mobile phone apps

information | Social welfare information | Sports and culture information | Information for vulnerable groups | Justice information | Labor information | Evidence

about provided services | Services in partnership with civil society | Facilitation of free internet access | Health information | Environmental information | Education

Foreign language support | Municipality information | Alerts for weather and natural disasters | Procurement announcements | Procurement results |Information

Participation and

Services Provision

Content Provision

Municipal portal | Municipal e-government strategy | Organization structure | Names and contacts of heads of department | Rights to access government

information | Privacy policy | Open data policy | Links for government agencies | Portal authentication.

Features

Institutional Framework

Local Online Service Index (OSI) Features accessed in E-government Survey 2024

Subindex

Table 13

Technical
Appendix
2024 UN E-Government Survey

Survey editon

Table 14

The approach of benchmarking e-government using the theoretical framework of activity theory as
a unified model was first discussed. The publication addressed the need to establish e-government
benchmarks and introduced a survey methodology based on the assessment of online government
portals. The first composite benchmarking tool was referred to as the e-Government Index.a

2001

Benchmarking E-Government: A Global

Perspective – Assessing the Progress of the UN

Member States

produce the e-Government Readiness Index (eGRI). The publication also introduced and elaborated on the
concept of e-participation, with a comparative assessment of the ability and willingness of Governments

UN Global E-Government Survey 2003:

E-Government at the Crossroads

specific sectors (labour, social welfare, finance, health and education).b

• The e-government imperative

readiness between developed and developing countries. It was argued that a realistic approach to
“access for opportunity” required more than just technology; countries needed to meet thresholds

United Nations Global E-Government Readiness

Report 2004: Towards Access for Opportunity

in the E-Government Readiness Index) were countries that had developed integrated portals providing
one-stop access to information and services.c

• The emerging access-for-opportunity framework

• Access for acceleration model  

• Worldwide disparities in achieving access

acceleration model

• Taxonomy of countries according to the access-

environment conducive to development. It was observed that the digital government leaders (as reflected

Thematic areas:

across multiple dimensions, including government leadership, digital literacy, and providing an enabling

The report delved into the “access-opportunity divide”, examining the wide disparities in e-government

2004

• The promise of the (digital) future

• The extent of e-participation

• Benchmarking e-government

readiness was updated to include an appraisal of how Governments delivered online services relating to

Thematic areas:

to engage the public online. The methodology for benchmarking and assessing relative e-government

The Survey methodology used for the 2001 edition was substantively and quantitatively strengthened to

2003

• Public administration and e-government

• Benchmarking e-government

• Assessing the global e-government landscape

Thematic areas:

Trends and developments

Survey theme and thematic areas

Past editions of the United Nations E-Government Survey

13. Past editions of the United Nations E-Government Survey

Technical
Appendix

79

80

Survey editon

Table 14

(continued)

The report identified access and inclusion as priorities. Many developing countries were focusing primarily
on connectivity, but there was an identified need to broaden their approach to ensure that e-services were
reaching all segments of the population. The report emphasized that a strong political commitment, a

2005

United Nations Global E-Government Readiness

Report 2005: From E-Government to E-Inclusion

priorities – all deriving from serious resource constraints – remained a major barrier to e-government

paradigm: from e-government to e-inclusion

adequately reflect the need for concrete action, so the focus of the Survey shifted to assessing actual
development.

United Nations E-Government Survey 2008: From

E-Government to Connected Governance

digitization and digitalization. It was emphasized that successful e-government required integrating
back-end systems and processes across agencies rather than simply putting services online using siloed

• Origins and emergence of e-government

• Back-office issues in e-government operations

engagement, most countries had not yet created an appropriate ecosystem for robust e-participation.e

to interact with and provide services to the public. While these options held promise for increased

public engagement. Mobile and Web 2.0 technologies offered new opportunities for Governments

including online consultation and feedback mechanisms, were recognized as important for increasing

require adequate infrastructure investment to ensure comprehensive integration. E-participation tools,

applications. Connected governance would offer seamless, people-centred services delivery but would

reduction to focus on people-centric outcomes and impacts and on institutional transformation through

Thematic areas:

The report examined how e-government had evolved beyond the general aims of efficacy and cost

It was determined that the emphasis on capturing countries’ “readiness” for e-government did not

2008

• Worldwide disparities and inclusion

• The socially inclusive governance model

Society

development for developing countries.d

high-income countries. Limited infrastructure, a lack of skilled personnel, and competing development

• The emerging socially inclusive government

• Socially inclusive governance for the Information

acknowledged that e-participation features were expanding but were largely limited to developed and

Thematic areas:

clear vision, and realistic objectives were critical success factors for e-government advancement. It was

Trends and developments

Survey theme and thematic areas

Technical
Appendix
2024 UN E-Government Survey

Survey editon

Table 14

(continued)

The report was published during the financial and economic crisis, and the focus was on how e-government
could help countries respond effectively to emerging challenges during that period. Suggested strategies
included improving government transparency, enhancing public sector efficiency, strengthening services
provision, and expanding e-participation and engagement. Even with limited resources and facing various

2010

United Nations E-Government Survey 2010:

Leveraging E-Government at a Time of Financial

and Economic Crisis

collaborative approaches to government administration and public services delivery. The “whole-ofgovernment” approach would make public services more personalized and accessible and easier to

E-Government for the People

legitimacy. It was emphasized that the whole-of-government approach was essential for inclusive, peoplecentred sustainable development, as agencies could work together more effectively to serve all segments
of the population and promote dialogue and engagement. Conversely, the absence of coordination across
government could undermine progress – especially in low-income countries, where it could negatively

• Taking a whole-of-government approach

• Supporting multichannel service delivery

• Reaching vulnerable populations

• Expanding e-government usage

affect the delivery of social services, security, economic management, and political processes.g

– could contribute to the achievement of long-term development goals and strengthen government

Thematic areas:

navigate. Coherent policy approaches and cohesive institutional mechanisms – enabled by technology

The report explored how the world was moving away from isolated silos towards more integrated,

United Nations E-Government Survey 2012:

and priorities, increasing public buy-in and improving outcomes at little cost.f

section on participatory e-government tools demonstrated how citizens could provide input on policies

2012

• Citizen empowerment and inclusion

Goals

• E-services delivery and the Millennium Development

economic strain or uncertainty could help countries stay on track in pursuing their development goals. A

access to critical public services in areas such as education, health care and employment during times of

• The role of e-government in financial regulation and
monitoring

cost e-government solutions such as crisis response websites and open data initiatives. Expanding online

Thematic areas:

constraints, Governments could achieve significant transparency and accountability gains through low-

Trends and developments

Survey theme and thematic areas

Technical
Appendix

81

82

Survey editon

Table 14

(continued)

The report was published when the United Nations was discussing the development agenda that would succeed
the Millennium Development Goals once the latter concluded in 2015. While e-government was continuing
to advance globally, there were still wide disparities between countries and regions. All 193 Member States

2014

United Nations E-Government Survey 2014:

E-Government for the Future We Want

open government data (OGD), multichannel services delivery, and whole-of-government approaches to create
more people-centred, transparent and accountable governance. Mobile technology and social media were

• Whole-of-government and collaborative governance

• Mobile and other channels for inclusive

Sustainable Development adopted by world leaders the previous year. The report focused on the role of

E-Government for Sustainable Development

one was left behind. There was further elaboration of whole-of-government approaches, with emphasis

• Enhancing transparency through Open Government

• Enhancing engagement through e-participation

broadband, enhance digital literacy, and pursue inclusive policies.i

communications technology (ICT). The report called for greater efforts to increase access to high-speed

but with the persistent digital divide, many were still unable to access and benefit from information and

e-participation. Globally, countries were continuing to make progress in e-government development,

many countries, including those in the lower-middle-income group, were making significant strides in

scrutiny, fostering innovation, and facilitating evidence-based policymaking. The Survey indicated that

innovation. OGD initiatives could drive progress towards the SDGs by making data available for public

e-government experience. OGD was identified as key to government transparency, accountability and

on the integration of e-services across different agencies to provide users with a seamless and holistic

technology to improve services delivery, engage people in decision-making processes, and ensure that no

• Policy integration
Data

and accountability of public institutions. The report explored how Governments could leverage

Thematic areas:

e-government in achieving the SDGs and how e-government could enhance the efficiency, transparency

For the 2016 edition of the Survey, a theme was chosen that aligned with the 2030 Agenda for

gaps and developing human capacity were crucial for leveraging e-government to realize development goals.h

access and broadband connectivity remained limited in many of those countries. Addressing infrastructure

2016

• Bridging the digital divide

emerging as important new channels for e-government, especially in developing countries, though Internet

public value through inclusive, participatory governance. Increased attention was being given to e-participation,

• E-participation

multichannel services delivery

development. The focus in digital government was moving away from mere services delivery towards adding

Thematic areas:

were operating national portals, but for the majority, e-government was still at a low or intermediate level of

Trends and developments

Survey theme and thematic areas

Technical
Appendix
2024 UN E-Government Survey

Survey editon

Table 14

(continued)

The report identified e-government as a transformative catalyst in achieving the SDGs. It provided
evidence of a global trend towards higher levels of e-government development, highlighting significant
improvements in online services delivery and OGD. However, it also noted the persistence of e-government
and broader digital divides, particularly in low-income countries, and called for continued investment in
human capital and infrastructure development to accelerate progress. An important focal point of the
report was addressing digital divides to ensure that no one was left behind, especially in Africa, least
developed countries, and small island developing States. The report highlighted the need for tailored
capacity-building programmes and policies to bridge these gaps and promote digital inclusion. Another
focal point of the report was e-resilience, with particular attention given to disaster risk management and
how digital technologies were increasingly being used to organize and manage emergency responses
and recovery from crises. It was noted that resilience in e-government systems required public trust,
robust cybersecurity measures (including the integration of security mechanisms from the design phase),
the adoption of harmonized laws governing cybercrime, and assurances that data and privacy would be
protected. For the first time, the Survey assessed 40 municipalities, introducing the Local Online Services
Index (LOSI), and the Open Government Data Index (OGDI) was piloted as well.j
The theme “Digital Government in the Decade of Action for Sustainable Development” was selected
for the 2020 Survey to acknowledge the time remaining for the implementation of the 2030 Agenda.
The report noted that there had been a significant global increase in e-government development,
even among some countries with limited resources, such as least developed countries, landlocked
developing countries and small island developing States. The report emphasized the growing importance
of e-participation and acknowledged that many Governments were offering a range of opportunities
for public engagement beyond the provision of information. The report also mentioned that there had
been a paradigm shift towards data-centric policymaking and stressed the need for effective national
data governance frameworks. The Survey included an addendum highlighting how the handling of the
COVID-19 pandemic had underscored the critical role of e-government in crisis management. During
the pandemic, Governments with robust digital infrastructures were able to provide timely information,
manage misinformation, and offer essential services online. The fact that many vulnerable populations
lacked access to digital services during the health crisis underscored the need for inclusive digital
strategies. In this edition of the Survey, rating classes (quartile subgroups) were introduced for each EGDI
level, and the LOSI assessment was expanded to include 100 municipalities.k

2018
United Nations E-Government Survey 2018:
Gearing E-Government to Support Transformation
towards Sustainable and Resilient Societies

2020
United Nations E-Government Survey 2020:
Digital Government in the Decade of Action for
Sustainable Development

Thematic areas:
• E-participation
• Data-centric and digital data governance
• Capacities for digital government transformation
• The role of e-government during the COVID-19
pandemic (addendum)

Thematic areas:
• Building resilient, sustainable societies
• Leaving no one behind
• E-resilience (disaster risk management)
• Cybersecurity
• Emerging technologies in e-government

Trends and developments

Survey theme and thematic areas

Technical
Appendix

83

84

l

k

j

i

h

g

f

e

d

c

b

a

(continued)

The report focused on the future of digital government, calling for e-government leaders to increase
investment in national digital transformation and adopt innovative e-government frameworks to support
sustainable development and prepare for future global crises. As evident both during and after the

2022

United Nations E-Government Survey 2022: The

Future of Digital Government

digital world, and Governments were called upon to ensure inclusion by design and accessibility for all,

• The future of digital government: trends, insights

LOSI assessments for the most populous city in each of the 193 Member States.l

delivery to address gaps in access, affordability and digital skills. For the first time, the Survey conducted

especially vulnerable groups, through targeted policies and the effective leveraging of data, design and

between countries and regions. Special emphasis was given to leaving no one behind in the hybrid

• Leaving no one behind in the hybrid digital society
and conclusion

Global EGDI values showed improvement, but there remained persistent digital divides within and

Thematic areas:

COVID-19 pandemic, digital government tools were key to effective emergency response and recovery.

Trends and developments

Survey theme and thematic areas

Ibid.
UN DESA and Civic Resource Group, UN Global E-Government Survey 2003 (New York, 2004), available at https://publicadministration.un.org/egovkb/en-us/Reports/UN-E-GovernmentSurvey-2003.
UN DESA, UN Global E-Government Readiness Report 2004: Towards Access for Opportunity (New York, 2004), available at https://desapublications.un.org/publications/un-global-e-governmentreadiness-report-2004.
UN DESA, United Nations Global E-Government Readiness Report 2005: From E-Government to E-Inclusion (New York, 2006), available at https://publicadministration.un.org/egovkb/en-us/Reports/
UN-E-Government-Survey-2008.
UN DESA, United Nations e-Government Survey 2008: From e-Government to Connected Governance (New York, 2008), available at https://publicadministration.un.org/egovkb/en-us/Reports/UNE-Government-Survey-2008.
UN DESA, United Nations E-Government Survey 2010: Leveraging E-Government at a Time of Financial and Economic Crisis (New York, 2010), available at https://publicadministration.un.org/
egovkb/portals/egovkb/documents/un/2010-survey/complete-survey.pdf.
UN DESA, United Nations E-Government Survey 2012: E-Government for the People (New York, 2012), available at https://publicadministration.un.org/egovkb/en-us/Reports/UN-E-GovernmentSurvey-2012.
UN DESA, United Nations E-Government Survey 2014: E-Government for the Future We Want (New York, 2014), available at https://publicadministration.un.org/egovkb/en-us/Reports/UN-EGovernment-Survey-2014.
UN DESA, United Nations E-Government Survey 2016: E-Government in Support of Sustainable Development (New York, 2016), available at https://publicadministration.un.org/egovkb/en-us/
Reports/UN-E-Government-Survey-2016.
UN DESA, United Nations E-Government Survey 2018: Gearing E-Government to Support Transformation towards Sustainable and Resilient Societies (New York, 2018), available at https://
publicadministration.un.org/egovkb/en-us/Reports/UN-E-Government-Survey-2018.
UN DESA, United Nations E-Government Survey 2020: Digital Government in the Decade of Action for Sustainable Development, with Addendum on COVID-19 Response (New York, 2020), available
at https://publicadministration.un.org/egovkb/en-us/Reports/UN-E-Government-Survey-2020.
UN DESA, United Nations E-Government Survey 2022: The Future of Digital Government (New York 2022), available at https://desapublications.un.org/sites/default/files/publications/2022-09/
Web%20version%20E-Government%202022.pdf.

Survey editon

Table 14

Technical
Appendix
2024 UN E-Government Survey

Technical
Appendix

14. Pilot research projects
14.1 Open Government Data Index
The Open Government Data Index (OGDI) has become an increasingly important assessment tool in
recent years. A growing number of countries are taking a transformative approach to governance,
enhancing transparency, accountability, and value creation by making government data accessible
to all. By opening their data sets, public institutions can strengthen trust in government while
simultaneously fostering innovation and economic growth. This paradigm shift encourages the
use, reuse, and free distribution of government data, facilitating the development of citizen-centric
services and creating opportunities for business and entrepreneurship. Such openness fundamentally
changes how Governments interact with their constituents, with the power of data harnessed to
drive positive change and create a more open, collaborative, and responsive public sector.
In acknowledgement of the critical role of open government data and the importance of measuring
progress in this area, the E-Government Survey continues to include the OGDI as a supplementary
indicator within the OSI. First introduced in the 2020 Survey, the OGDI is based on an assessment
of the national portals of Member States. The computation methodology employed for the last
two Surveys has been used for the 2024 edition, ensuring consistency in evaluation. The number of
questions used to calculate the OGDI remains at 26 (unchanged from the 2022 survey), preserving
the integrity and comparability of data across Survey periods. This detailed assessment underscores
the ongoing commitment of the United Nations to monitoring, evaluating and promoting open data
practices in e-government development.
While a binary system is used for the responses to most of the 26 questions included in the OGDI
assessment, some responses, particularly those related to the availability of specific types of open
data, are assessed using a more detailed scoring system. For the latter, a score of 0 indicates the
absence of a feature, while scores of 1 and 2 represent different levels of feature implementation.
For instance, a score of 1 might denote data availability in any format, whereas a score of 2 would
indicate availability in an open standard format such as eXtensible Markup Language (XML).
Following the computation method used for the OSI, the composite OGDI score for each Member
State is normalized to a range of 0 to 1 using a standardized formula. This methodology ensures
the accurate tracking and comprehensive evaluation of open data practices across Member States.
The OGDI remains structured around three key pillars: policy, platform, and impact. The Index
continues to use the weighted sum method for aggregating the assessed areas across these pillars.
The 2024 Survey has applied the weighting criteria established for the 2020 pilot study, including
(a) the relative weight for each pillar and (b) the relative number of assessed areas and questions for
each pillar, including those introduced in recent surveys.
The 2024 OGDI retains the 2022 OGDI (adjusted) weight for each pillar: 30 per cent for policy, 50 per
cent for platform/use, and 20 per cent for impact. The calculation method remains unchanged, with
the OGDI computed as the weighted average of the normalized scores for each Member State. The
OGDI level grouping system introduced in 2022, which aligns with EGDI levelling, has also been used
for the 2024 Survey. The division of groups into four equal quarters (0 – 0.25 – 0.50 – 0.75 – 1.00)
represents a refinement from the 2020 pilot study’s 0 – 0.4 – 0.8 – 1.0 demarcations. By preserving
these methodological elements, the 2024 Survey ensures OGDI continuity and comparability with
previous assessments while also maintaining alignment with the broader EGDI framework.

85

Technical
Appendix

2024 UN E-Government Survey

Table 15

Open Government Data Index (OGDI)

Country

OGDI Group

OGDI 2024

Afghanistan

Low OGDI

0.1282

Albania

High OGDI

0.7436

Algeria

Low OGDI

0.1026

Andorra

High OGDI

0.7436

Angola

Low OGDI

0.1795

Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina

0.5641
0.7692

Armenia

Very High OGDI

0.8462

Australia

Very High OGDI

0.8462

Austria

Very High OGDI

0.8974

High OGDI

0.7179

Azerbaijan
Bahamas

Middle OGDI

0.4103

Bahrain

Very High OGDI

0.9231

Bangladesh

High OGDI

0.7179

Barbados

Middle OGDI

0.359

Belarus

High OGDI

0.5385

Belgium

Very High OGDI

0.8462

Belize

Middle OGDI

0.2821

Benin

Middle OGDI

0.4872

Bhutan

High OGDI

0.5385

Bolivia

High OGDI

0.641

Bosnia and Herzegovina

High OGDI

0.641

Botswana

Middle OGDI

0.4615

Brazil

Very High OGDI

0.9744

High OGDI

0.6154

Bulgaria

High OGDI

0.7436

Burkina Faso

Middle OGDI

0.3333

Brunei Darussalam

Burundi

Low OGDI

0.2308

Cabo Verde

Very High OGDI

0.8462

Cambodia

Middle OGDI

0.4615

Cameroon

High OGDI

0.6667

Canada

Very High OGDI

Central African Republic

86

High OGDI
Very High OGDI

Low OGDI

1
0.0256

Chad

Middle OGDI

0.4615

Chile

Very High OGDI

0.9487

China

Very High OGDI

0.9231

Colombia

Very High OGDI

0.9487

Comoros

Low OGDI

0

Congo

Low OGDI

0.0769

Costa Rica

Very High OGDI

0.7949

Côte d'Ivoire

High OGDI

0.5641

Croatia

Very High OGDI

0.9231

Cuba

Low OGDI

0.1026

Cyprus

Very High OGDI

0.9487

Technical
Appendix

Table 15

(continued)

Country

OGDI Group

OGDI 2024

Czech Republic

Very High OGDI

0.8205

Democratic People's Republic of Korea

Low OGDI

0

Democratic Republic of the Congo

Middle OGDI

0.3077

Denmark

Very High OGDI

0.9744

Djibouti

Low OGDI

0.1026

Dominica

Middle OGDI

0.3846

Dominican Republic

Very High OGDI

0.8718

Ecuador

Very High OGDI

0.8462

Egypt

High OGDI

0.6154

El Salvador

Middle OGDI

0.4872

Equatorial Guinea

Middle OGDI

0.3077

Eritrea

Low OGDI

0

Estonia

Very High OGDI

1

Eswatini

High OGDI

0.5641

Ethiopia

Middle OGDI

0.359

Fiji

High OGDI

0.5128

Finland

Very High OGDI

0.9231

France

Very High OGDI

0.9744

Gabon

Low OGDI

0.1282

Gambia

Middle OGDI

0.3077

Georgia

Very High OGDI

0.8205

Germany

Very High OGDI

1

Ghana

Very High OGDI

0.8205

Greece

High OGDI

0.5897

Grenada

Low OGDI

0.2051

Guatemala

Very High OGDI

0.8205

Guinea

Very High OGDI

0.8205

Guinea-Bissau

Middle OGDI

0.2821

Guyana

Low OGDI

0.2308

Haiti

Low OGDI

0.0513

Honduras

Middle OGDI

0.3333

Hungary

Very High OGDI

0.8974

Iceland

Very High OGDI

0.9487

India

Very High OGDI

1

Indonesia

Very High OGDI

0.8718

Iran (Islamic Republic of)

Middle OGDI

0.3333

Iraq

Low OGDI

0

Ireland

Very High OGDI

0.9487

Israel

Very High OGDI

0.8462

Italy

Very High OGDI

0.8205

High OGDI

0.5641

Jamaica
Japan

Very High OGDI

1

Jordan

Very High OGDI

0.8205

Kazakhstan

Very High OGDI

0.9231

87

Technical
Appendix

2024 UN E-Government Survey

Table 15

(continued)

Country

OGDI Group

OGDI 2024

Kenya

High OGDI

0.5897

Kiribati

Middle OGDI

0.4103

Kuwait

Middle OGDI

0.3846

Kyrgyzstan

High OGDI

0.5385

Lao People's Democratic Republic

Middle OGDI

0.3333

Latvia

Very High OGDI

0.9744

Lebanon

High OGDI

0.6923

Lesotho

Middle OGDI

0.3333

Liberia

Low OGDI

0.1795

Libya
Liechtenstein

88

Low OGDI

0.0769

Very High OGDI

0.8718

Lithuania

Very High OGDI

0.9487

Luxembourg

Very High OGDI

0.7949

Madagascar

Middle OGDI

0.359

Malawi

High OGDI

0.6667

Malaysia

Very High OGDI

0.8205

Maldives

High OGDI

0.5641

Mali

Middle OGDI

0.3333

Malta

Very High OGDI

0.8205

Marshall Islands

Middle OGDI

0.3077

Mauritania

Middle OGDI

0.2821

Mauritius

High OGDI

0.6923

Mexico

Very High OGDI

0.9231

Micronesia (Federated States of)

Low OGDI

0.2051

Monaco

Low OGDI

0.2051

Mongolia

Very High OGDI

0.9231

Montenegro

High OGDI

0.5385

Morocco

High OGDI

0.5128

Mozambique

Middle OGDI

0.3077

Myanmar

Low OGDI

0.2308

Namibia

Middle OGDI

0.3077

Nauru

Middle OGDI

0.3333

Nepal

Middle OGDI

0.2821

Netherlands

Very High OGDI

0.9744

New Zealand

Very High OGDI

0.9231

Nicaragua

Middle OGDI

0.2821

Niger

Middle OGDI

0.2821

Nigeria

High OGDI

0.5128

North Macedonia

High OGDI

0.7179

Norway

Very High OGDI

0.8205

Oman

Very High OGDI

0.7692

Pakistan

High OGDI

0.641

Palau

Middle OGDI

0.359

Panama

High OGDI

0.7436

Technical
Appendix

Table 15

(continued)

Country

OGDI Group

OGDI 2024

Papua New Guinea

Middle OGDI

0.3077

Paraguay

Very High OGDI

0.8462

Peru

Very High OGDI

1

Philippines

Very High OGDI

0.8205

Poland

Very High OGDI

0.8718

Portugal

Very High OGDI

0.8205

Qatar

High OGDI

0.7436

Republic of Korea

Very High OGDI

0.9487

Republic of Moldova

Very High OGDI

0.8205

Romania

Very High OGDI

0.8205

Russian Federation

Very High OGDI

0.7949

Rwanda

Very High OGDI

0.7949

Low OGDI

0.2308

Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia

Low OGDI

0.1026

Saint Vincent and the Grenadines

High OGDI

0.5641

Samoa

Middle OGDI

0.4359

San Marino

Low OGDI

0.1026

Low OGDI

0.1795

Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia

Very High OGDI

1

Senegal

High OGDI

0.641

Serbia

Very High OGDI

0.9231

Seychelles

Low OGDI

0.2308

Sierra Leone

Middle OGDI

0.4872

Singapore

Very High OGDI

1

Slovakia

Very High OGDI

0.8718

Slovenia

Very High OGDI

0.8718

High OGDI

0.5897

Solomon Islands
Somalia

Middle OGDI

0.359

South Africa

Very High OGDI

0.8205

Low OGDI

0.1026

South Sudan
Spain

Very High OGDI

1

Sri Lanka

High OGDI

0.6154

Sudan

Low OGDI

0.0513

Suriname

Middle OGDI

0.3333

Sweden

Very High OGDI

1

Switzerland

Very High OGDI

Syrian Arab Republic

Low OGDI

1
0.1026

Tajikistan

Middle OGDI

0.4359

Thailand

Very High OGDI

0.8974

Timor-Leste

Middle OGDI

0.4872

Togo

Middle OGDI

0.4359

Tonga

Middle OGDI

0.4359

Trinidad and Tobago

Middle OGDI

0.3846

Tunisia

High OGDI

0.7179

89

Technical
Appendix

2024 UN E-Government Survey

Table 15

(continued)

Country

OGDI Group

OGDI 2024

Türkiye

Very High OGDI

1

Turkmenistan

Low OGDI

0.0769

Tuvalu

Low OGDI

0.1538

Uganda

High OGDI

0.7436

Ukraine

Very High OGDI

1

United Arab Emirates

Very High OGDI

0.9744

United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland

Very High OGDI

0.9231

United Republic of Tanzania

Middle OGDI

0.3846

United States of America

Very High OGDI

0.8974

Uruguay

Very High OGDI

0.9744

Uzbekistan

Very High OGDI

0.9744

Vanuatu

High OGDI

0.5385

Venezuela

Middle OGDI

0.4359

Viet Nam

High OGDI

0.7436

Yemen

Middle OGDI

0.3077

Zambia

High OGDI

0.641

Zimbabwe

Middle OGDI

0.3846

14.2 Complex Network Analysis
In 2022, UN DESA, in collaboration with the Department of physics of the university of Bari (IT)1
conducted a first pilot study using the science of complex systems to expand the analysis of factors
affecting countries’ e-government development beyond income level and test a complex network
analysis model to address possible inequalities and biases adherent to rankings and find as yet
unidentified similarities and differences between the Member States. More detailed information on
the study and its findings is available on https://publicadministration.un.org/egovkb.
Identifying external biases that affect assessment of the digital development performance of
countries is a complicated task, since classifications based on proxy parameters are subject to
discretion and are not always able to capture the interrelationships between different countries. With
due consideration given to the complexity of these connections, a model of a digital government
ecosystem was created as a network in which countries represent nodes, with similarities in their
development indicators determining the strength of the links between the nodes.
The data set used for the 2022 analysis, intended to help identify hidden similarities and differences
between the countries, consisted of 305 World Development Indicators (WDIs) relating to health,
economy, society and environment and 214 SDG indicators characterizing the general development
level of each Member State. The results of 2022 analysis was presented in the 2022 edition of the
E-Government Survey.2 Base of the positive feedback and recommendations provided by experts and
member states the study was repeated in 2024 redesigning the clusters using only data from the
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) dataset, updated to 2022.
The original datasets included 3542 indicators from the SDGs.3 However, some of them were not
available for all member states. When the value of a given indicator was not available for a given
country for the year 2022, it was decided to fill in this value with the corresponding one from 2021;
if this value was also empty, the corresponding value from 2020 was considered. If the fill-in still
failed also in this case, it was decided to avoid using data from years prior to 2020 to ensure that
90

Technical
Appendix

the data remains as up-to-date as possible. The number of missing entries is subjected not only to
variability in time, but also to large fluctuations among countries, since the indicator measurement
process is not equally viable throughout the world. The diversified availability of SDGs should not
be considered as a limitation to this study, but it should be seen as a guideline for the choice of the
indicators, with the aim of combining the needs for data recentness and availability.
A three-step indicator selection process was implemented, following the criteria of data availability,
consistency, and non-redundant information.
A subset of indicators was extracted from 2021 and 2022 datasets by considering only those that
had non-null values in at least 70% of the 193 MS.
indicators expressed in Local Currency Units were excluded since they could not be compared directly
for different states.
Pearson correlations were computed between the available values for each pair of residual indicators.
If the correlation value was greater than 0.98, and if it was statistically significant, the indicator with
more available values in the pair was retained.
These three steps reduced the total number of SDGs indicators from 3542 to 278. These indicators are
listed respectively in Table 16. At the end of this procedure, each of the 193 MS was characterized by
278 values, corresponding to the values of selected indicators for that country. It is worth specifying
that some of the indicators included in the model could be interpreted as disaggregated sub-indexes
referred to a single main index. In this selection procedure, sub-indicators referred to the same
context should not be considered as redundant, since their mutual Pearson correlation was lower
than the threshold value of 0.98, as they were available for different sets of countries.
After the data cleaning and indicator selection processes, the complex network building process was
implemented as presented in the methodological workflow (figure 7).
Firstly, 278 selected indicators were re-scaled between 0 and 1. This is a standard procedure that
allows for the unification of different indicator scales and eliminates potential distortions in the data.
Pearson correlations were computed between each pair of countries. These correlations provided the
basis from which the complex network was built. The complex network has 193 nodes, representing
MS. The nodes are linked by edges, weighted by the pairwise correlations. Thus, weight values, ranging
between -1 and 1, quantify the similarity between connected countries. Two examples of weight
values are the following. Italy has a strong correlation with Spain (0.88). The cell corresponding to
the Portugal row and the Italy column is therefore colored red; China has a negative correlation with
the Central African Republic (-0.20). The cell corresponding to the China row and the Central African
Republic column is colored violet. In this way, the complete network was built it has (193*192)/2 =
18528 links.

91

Technical
Appendix

2024 UN E-Government Survey

Figure 7
Scheme representing the workflow of the complex network analysis, and map representing
grouping of countries into four development clusters

Source: Complex Network Analysis Pilot Study for the 2024 United Nations E-Government Survey.

The identification of clusters has been carried out by means of an algorithm based on the so-called
spin glasses4,5,6. The same methodologies developed in 20227 were implemented also for this work.
The Spin Glass algorithm performed a hierarchical cluster detection by recursive partitioning.8,9
The algorithm has been implemented using a Python library called igraph10. With the objective of
obtaining stable and reliable clusters, the following criterion was adopted: the complex network was
partitioned in 100 different runs by the chosen algorithm, each time with a different random seed.
In this way, the algorithm produced 100 outcomes. Each outcome corresponded to a given partition:
if an outcome was obtained in more than 90 runs, it was accepted and the procedure moved on
to the next step; otherwise, the iteration stopped, and the partition found at the previous level was
returned as the result.
This method was implemented to partition opportunely the MS, on the basis of the complex network
built from the dataset consisting of the 278 selected indicators.
The method returned 4 non-overlapping clusters with a strong characterization in terms of
development status. The overall stability of cluster detection procedure used in the UN DESA pilot
study corroborates the reliability and consistency of the findings on countries’ development levels.

92

Technical
Appendix

Box 4

Distribution of 2024 E-government Development Index (EGDI) in 2022 clusters

The clusters are composed as follows:
Cluster I: Albania, Argentina, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Bulgaria, Canada, Chile, Costa
Rica, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece,
Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Republic of Korea, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta,
Moldova, Mongolia, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Serbia, Slovak Republic,
Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Ukraine, United Kingdom, United States, Uruguay.
Cluster II: Algeria, Andorra, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Bahrain, Barbados, Belarus, Bosnia and
Herzegovina, Brunei Darussalam, Cabo Verde, China, Colombia, Cuba, Egypt, El Salvador,
Georgia, India, Indonesia, Iran, Iraq, Israel, Jamaica, Kazakhstan, Democratic People’s Republic
of Korea, Kuwait, Kyrgyz Republic, Libya, Liechtenstein, Malaysia, Maldives, Mauritius, Mexico,
Monaco, Montenegro, Morocco, Nauru, New Zealand, North Macedonia, Oman, Palau, Panama,
Paraguay, Qatar, Russian Federation, San Marino, Saudi Arabia, Seychelles, Singapore, South
Africa, Sri Lanka, St. Kitts and Nevis, Suriname, Thailand, Tonga, Trinidad and Tobago, Tunisia,
Türkiye, Turkmenistan, United Arab Emirates, Uzbekistan, Zimbabwe.
Cluster III: Antigua and Barbuda, Bahamas, Bangladesh, Belize, Bhutan, Bolivia, Botswana,
Cambodia, Djibouti, Dominica, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Eswatini, Fiji, Grenada, Guatemala,
Guyana, Honduras, Jordan, Kiribati, Laos, Lebanon, Lesotho, Marshall Islands, Federated States
of Micronesia, Myanmar, Namibia, Nepal, Nicaragua, Pakistan, Peru, Philippines, Samoa, Senegal,
Solomon Islands, St. Lucia, St. Vincent and the Grenadines, Syrian Arab Republic, Tajikistan,
Timor-Leste, Tuvalu, Vanuatu, Venezuela, Vietnam.
Cluster IV: Afghanistan, Angola, Benin, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cameroon, Central African
Republic, Chad, Comoros, Congo, Democratic Republic of Congo, Republic of Congo, Cote
d’Ivoire, Equatorial Guinea, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Gabon, Gambia, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau,
Haiti, Kenya, Liberia, Madagascar, Malawi, Mali, Mauritania, Mozambique, Niger, Nigeria, Papua
New Guinea, Rwanda, Sao Tome and Principe, Sierra Leone, Somalia, South Sudan, Sudan,
Tanzania, Togo, Uganda, Yemen, Zambia.

Grouping the countries into four development clusters using complex network analysis enables a
reinterpretation of the levels of e-government development of the UN Member States and their EGDI
ranking considering their starting conditions, as well as their mutual similarities and differences.
By comparing the 2024 EGDI values both within the same cluster, and between different clusters it
is possible to identify top-of the-class countries, whose performance goes beyond the expectations
based on their development status, and room-for-improvement countries, that have the potential to
reach their cluster peers in the EGDI ranking by increasing their efforts. For top-of-the-class countries
their EGDI values are above the 75th percentile of the cluster they belong to, and, at the same time,
they are above the 25th percentile of at least one development cluster above. By the same token, for
room-for-improvement countries the EGDI values are below the 25th percentile of the cluster they
belong to and, at the same time, are below the 75th percentile of at least one developed cluster
below.
The study also identified the benchmark countries, regarded as the best cases compared to the rest
of the world, and trailing countries, which would need specific support to improve their condition
in areas relevant for EDGI ranking. Benchmark countries are characterized by EGDI values above the
75th percentile of the distribution within cluster I, while trailing countries have EGDI values falling
below the 25th percentile of the distribution within cluster IV.
93

Technical
Appendix

2024 UN E-Government Survey

This advanced approach has a dual advantage over traditional statistical methods: first, the similarities
between countries are determined by more than 270 SDGs indicators, providing a multifaceted
representation of sustainable development in the clusters to which these countries are referred;
second, the tool of network cluster detection offers a data-driven way to categorize different
development ecosystems in which e-government development (expressed in EGDI values) can be
interpreted and assessed.
Considering the case of clusters obtained from 2022 SDGs updated data and EGDI from 2024, the
performances of MS are summarized:
• Cluster I (median: 0.882).
– Benchmark: Denmark, Estonia, Republic of Korea, Iceland, United Kingdom of Great Britain
and Northern Ireland, Australia, Finland, Netherlands, Germany, Japan, Sweden, Norway,
Spain.
– Room-for-improvement: Brazil (*), Italy (*), Czech Republic (*), Bulgaria (*), Belgium (*),
Hungary (*), Slovak Republic (*), Costa Rica (*), Albania (*), Moldova (*), Romania (*).
• Cluster II (median: 0.721).
– Top-of-the-class: Singapore (#), Saudi Arabia (#), United Arab Emirates (#), New Zealand
(#), Bahrain (#), Israel (#), Kazakhstan (#), Türkiye (#), China (#), South Africa (#), Oman (#),
Russian Federation (#), Liechtenstein (#), Armenia (#), Thailand (#).
– Room-for-improvement: Suriname (*), Bosnia and Herzegovina (*), St. Kitts and Nevis (*),
Cabo Verde (*), El Salvador (*), Algeria (*), Libya (*), Tonga (*), Palau (*), Cuba (*), Turkmenistan (*),
Iraq (*), Zimbabwe (*), Nauru (*), Democratic People’s Republic of Korea (**).
• Cluster III (median: 0.545).
– Top-of-the-class: Peru (#), Ecuador (#), Vietnam (#), Philippines (#), Bahamas (#), Dominican
Republic (#), Jordan (#), Fiji (#), Bolivia (#), Bangladesh (#), Bhutan (#).
– Room-for-improvement: Marshall Islands (*), Kiribati (*), Laos (*), Lesotho (*), Tuvalu (*),
Timor-Leste (*), Syrian Arab Republic (*), Solomon Islands (*), Federated States of Micronesia (*),
Djibouti (*).
• Cluster IV (median: 0.310).
– Top-of-the-class: Ghana (#), Kenya (#), Rwanda (#), Gabon (#), Cote d’Ivoire (#), Zambia (#),
Nigeria (#), Benin (#), Uganda (#), Tanzania (#), Sao Tome and Principe (#).
– Trailing: Burundi, Yemen, Haiti, Niger, Afghanistan, Chad, Eritrea, Somalia, South Sudan,
Central African Republic.

94

[Type here]

The list of countries grouped by development clusters according to the 2024 EGDI study.

11
Note:
recognized
three-letter
country codes
.
Figure
8 The internationally
The list of
countries
grouped
by development
clusters according to the 2024 EGDI study

EGDI

Distribution of 2024 EGDI in 2022 clusters

279

Clusters
Note: The internationally recognized three-letter country codes.

95

Technical
Appendix

Figure B.2

Technical
Appendix

2024 UN E-Government Survey

Endnotes
1

https://www.uniba.it/it/ricerca/dipartimenti/fisica

2

UN E-Government Survey 2022, 12th edition. (2022)

3

Sustainable Development Goals – UNSTATS. https://unstats.un.org/sdgs/dataportal/database (2024). Accessed:
2024-24-05.

4

J. Reichardt, S. Bornholdt, Statistical Mechanics of Community Detection. Phys. Rev. E 74, 016110 (2006).

5

V. A. Traag, J. Bruggeman, Community detection in networks with positive and negative links. Phys. Rev. E
80, 036115 (2009).

6

M. Mezard, G. Parisi, M. Virasoro, Spin Glass Theory and Beyond (World Scientific, Singapore, 1986).

7

L. Bellantuono, A. Monaco, S. Tangaro, N. Amoroso, V. Aquaro, R. Bellotti, An equity-oriented rethink of
global rankings with complex networks mapping development. Sci. Rep. 10, 18046 (2020) https://doi.org/10.1038/
s41598-020-74964-3.

8

L. Danon, A. Díaz-Guilera, J. Duch, A. Arenas, Comparing community structure identification. J. Stat. Mech.
Theory Exp. 2005, P09008–P09008 (2003).

9
10

G. Palla, G. Tibély, E. Mones, P. Pollner, T. Vicsek, Hierarchical networks of scientific journals. Palgrave
Commun. 1, 15016 (2015).
The igraph Core Team. igraph 0.8.2. https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.3774399 (2021). Accessed: 2024-24-05.

14.3 Complex network analysis: additional information
The tables below report the list of the 278 Sustainable Development Goals used to build the UNMS
similarity network (Table 16), and, for each UN country, the most and least similar country in terms of
Pearson correlation in the complex network, along with the average correlation with other countries
(Table 17).
Table 16
List of the 278 selected Sustainable Development Goals used to build the
Member States similarity network
Sustainable Development Goals indicators.
Above-ground biomass in forest (tonnes per hectare) G A T_PER_HA C
Age-standardized prevalence of current tobacco use among persons aged 15 years and older, by sex (%) BOTHSEX
G PERCENT 15+ E
Age-standardized prevalence of current tobacco use among persons aged 15 years and older, by sex (%) FEMALE G
PERCENT 15+ E
Age-standardized prevalence of current tobacco use among persons aged 15 years and older, by sex (%) MALE G
PERCENT 15+ E
Agriculture orientation index for government expenditures G A INDEX C
Agriculture share of Government Expenditure (%) G A PERCENT C
Agriculture value added share of GDP (%) G A PERCENT C
Annual GDP growth (%) G PERCENT G
Annual broad money growth (%) G PERCENT G
Annual forest area change rate (%) G A PERCENT C
Annual growth of exports of goods and services (%) G PERCENT G
Annual growth of households and NPISHs final consumption expenditure (%) G PERCENT G
Annual growth of imports of goods and services (%) G PERCENT G
Annual growth of the general government final consumption expenditure (%) G PERCENT G
Annual growth of the gross capital formation (%) G PERCENT G
Annual growth rate of real GDP per capita (%) G A PERCENT CA
Annual growth rate of real GDP per employed person (%) G A PERCENT 15+ M

96

Technical
Appendix

Table 16

(continued)

Sustainable Development Goals indicators.
Annual inflation, consumer prices (%) G PERCENT G
Average proportion of Freshwater Key Biodiversity Areas (KBAs) covered by protected areas (%) G A PERCENT C
Average proportion of Marine Key Biodiversity Areas (KBAs) covered by protected areas (%) G A PERCENT C
Average proportion of Mountain Key Biodiversity Areas (KBAs) covered by protected areas (%) G A PERCENT C
Average proportion of Terrestrial Key Biodiversity Areas (KBAs) covered by protected areas (%) G A PERCENT C
Average tariff applied by developed countries, most-favored nation status, by type of product (%) G AGR PERCENT C
Average tariff applied by developed countries, most-favored nation status, by type of product (%) G ALP PERCENT C
Average tariff applied by developed countries, most-favored nation status, by type of product (%) G CLO PERCENT C
Average tariff applied by developed countries, most-favored nation status, by type of product (%) G IND PERCENT C
Average tariff applied by developed countries, most-favored nation status, by type of product (%) G TEX PERCENT C
Average tariff applied by developed countries, preferential status, by type of product (%) G AGR PERCENT C
Average tariff applied by developed countries, preferential status, by type of product (%) G ALP PERCENT C
Average tariff applied by developed countries, preferential status, by type of product (%) G CLO PERCENT C
Average tariff applied by developed countries, preferential status, by type of product (%) G IND PERCENT C
Average tariff applied by developed countries, preferential status, by type of product (%) G TEX PERCENT C
Beach litter originating from national land-based sources that ends in the beach (%) G A PERCENT M
Beach litter originating from national land-based sources that ends in the ocean (%) G A PERCENT M
Beach litter originating from national land-based sources that ends in the ocean (Tonnes) G A TONNES M
Carbon dioxide emissions from fuel combustion (millions of tonnes) G TONNES_M TOTAL E
Carbon dioxide emissions per unit of GDP PPP (kilogrammes of CO2 per constant 2017 United States dollars) G
KG_PER_CON_USD E
Carbon dioxide emissions per unit of manufacturing value added (kilogrammes of CO2 per constant 2015 United
States dollars) G A KG_PER_CON_USD ISIC4_C E
Children moderately or severely overweight (thousands) G A NUM_TH <5Y M
Children moderately or severely stunted (thousands) G A NUM_TH <5Y M
Chlorophyll-a anomaly, remote sensing (%) G D PERCENT Extreme E
Chlorophyll-a anomaly, remote sensing (%) G D PERCENT High E
Chlorophyll-a anomaly, remote sensing (%) G D PERCENT Moderate E
Chlorophyll-a deviations, remote sensing (%) G A PERCENT E
Countries that are contracting Parties to the International Treaty on Plant Genetic Resources for Food and
Agriculture (PGRFA) (1 = YES; 0 = NO) G NUMBER C
Countries that are parties to the Nagoya Protocol (1 = YES; 0 = NO) G NUMBER C
Countries that established national targets in accordance with Aichi Biodiversity Target 2 of the Strategic Plan for
Biodiversity 2011-2020 in their National Biodiversity Strategy and Action Plans (1 = YES; 0 = NO) G A NUMBER _T C
Countries that have legislative, administrative and policy framework or measures reported through the Online
Reporting System on Compliance of the International Treaty on Plant Genetic Resources for Food and Agriculture
(PGRFA) (1 = YES; 0 = NO) G NUMBER C
Countries that have legislative, administrative and policy framework or measures reported to the Access and
Benefit-Sharing Clearing-House (1 = YES; 0 = NO) G NUMBER C
Countries that have national urban policies or regional development plans that respond to population dynamics;
ensure balanced territorial development; and increase local fiscal space (1 = YES; 0 = NO) G NUMBER C
Countries with an allocation from the national budget to manage the threat of invasive alien species (1 = YES, 0 =
NO) G BOOL N
Countries with birth registration data that are at least 90 percent complete (1 = YES; 0 = NO) G NUMBER C
Countries with death registration data that are at least 75 percent complete (1 = YES; 0 = NO) G NUMBER C

97

Technical
Appendix

2024 UN E-Government Survey

Table 16

(continued)

Sustainable Development Goals indicators.
Countries with national statistical legislation exists that complies with the Fundamental Principles of Official
Statistics (1 = YES; 0 = NO) G NUMBER G
Countries with national statistical plans that are fully funded (1 = YES; 0 = NO) G NUMBER G
Countries with national statistical plans that are under implementation (1 = YES; 0 = NO) G NUMBER G
Current account balance as a proportion of GDP (%) G PERCENT G
Current number of seats in national parliaments (number) BOTHSEX G NUMBER C
DEC alternative conversion factor (in local currency unit per United States dollar) G Ratio G
Data Infrastructure performance index (Statistical Performance Indicators Pillar 5) (Index) G INDEX G
Data Sources performance index (Statistical Performance Indicators Pillar 4) (Index) G INDEX G
Degree of integrated water resources management implementation (%) G A PERCENT _T C
Degree of integrated water resources management implementation, enabling environment (%) G A PERCENT _T C
Degree of integrated water resources management implementation, financing (%) G A PERCENT _T C
Degree of integrated water resources management implementation, institutions and participation (%) G A PERCENT _T C
Degree of integrated water resources management implementation, management instruments (%) G A PERCENT _T C
Developing countries’ and least developed countries’ share of global merchandise exports (%) G A PERCENT CA
Developing countries’ and least developed countries’ share of global merchandise imports (%) G A PERCENT CA
Developing countries’ and least developed countries’ share of global services exports (%) G A PERCENT CA
Developing countries’ and least developed countries’ share of global services imports (%) G A PERCENT CA
Dollar value of all resources made available to strengthen statistical capacity in developing countries (current United
States dollars) G CU_USD G
Domestic material consumption per capita, by type of raw material (tonnes) G ALP A TONNES E
Domestic material consumption per capita, by type of raw material (tonnes) G BIM A TONNES E
Domestic material consumption per capita, by type of raw material (tonnes) G CPR A TONNES E
Domestic material consumption per capita, by type of raw material (tonnes) G CRO A TONNES E
Domestic material consumption per capita, by type of raw material (tonnes) G FEO A TONNES E
Domestic material consumption per capita, by type of raw material (tonnes) G GBO A TONNES E
Domestic material consumption per capita, by type of raw material (tonnes) G NFO A TONNES E
Domestic material consumption per capita, by type of raw material (tonnes) G NMA A TONNES E
Domestic material consumption per capita, by type of raw material (tonnes) G NMC A TONNES E
Domestic material consumption per capita, by type of raw material (tonnes) G NMM A TONNES E
Domestic material consumption per capita, by type of raw material (tonnes) G WCH A TONNES E
Domestic material consumption per capita, by type of raw material (tonnes) G WOD A TONNES E
Domestic material consumption per unit of GDP, by type of raw material (kilograms per constant 2015 United
States dollars) G ALP A KG_PER_CON_USD E
Domestic material consumption per unit of GDP, by type of raw material (kilograms per constant 2015 United
States dollars) G BIM A KG_PER_CON_USD E
Domestic material consumption per unit of GDP, by type of raw material (kilograms per constant 2015 United
States dollars) G CPR A KG_PER_CON_USD E
Domestic material consumption per unit of GDP, by type of raw material (kilograms per constant 2015 United
States dollars) G CRO A KG_PER_CON_USD E
Domestic material consumption per unit of GDP, by type of raw material (kilograms per constant 2015 United
States dollars) G FEO A KG_PER_CON_USD E
Domestic material consumption per unit of GDP, by type of raw material (kilograms per constant 2015 United
States dollars) G GBO A KG_PER_CON_USD E
Domestic material consumption per unit of GDP, by type of raw material (kilograms per constant 2015 United
States dollars) G NFO A KG_PER_CON_USD C

98

Technical
Appendix

Table 16

(continued)

Sustainable Development Goals indicators.
Domestic material consumption per unit of GDP, by type of raw material (kilograms per constant 2015 United
States dollars) G NMA A KG_PER_CON_USD E
Domestic material consumption per unit of GDP, by type of raw material (kilograms per constant 2015 United
States dollars) G NMC A KG_PER_CON_USD E
Domestic material consumption per unit of GDP, by type of raw material (kilograms per constant 2015 United
States dollars) G NMM A KG_PER_CON_USD E
Domestic material consumption per unit of GDP, by type of raw material (kilograms per constant 2015 United
States dollars) G WCH A KG_PER_CON_USD E
Domestic material consumption per unit of GDP, by type of raw material (kilograms per constant 2015 United
States dollars) G WOD A KG_PER_CON_USD E
Domestic material consumption, by type of raw material (tonnes) G BIM A TONNES E
Domestic material consumption, by type of raw material (tonnes) G FEO A TONNES E
Domestic material consumption, by type of raw material (tonnes) G GBO A TONNES E
Domestic material consumption, by type of raw material (tonnes) G MEO A TONNES E
Domestic material consumption, by type of raw material (tonnes) G NFO A TONNES C
Domestic material consumption, by type of raw material (tonnes) G NMA A TONNES E
Domestic material consumption, by type of raw material (tonnes) G WCH A TONNES E
Domestic material consumption, by type of raw material (tonnes) G WOD A TONNES E
Energy intensity level of primary energy (megajoules per constant 2017 purchasing power parity GDP) G MJ_PER_
GDP_CON_PPP_USD E
Existence of a developed and operationalized national strategy for youth employment, as a distinct strategy or as
part of a national employment strategy G A SCORE G
Exported beach litter originating from national land-based sources (Tonnes) G A TONNES M
Fixed broadband subscriptions per 100 inhabitants, by speed (per 100 inhabitants) 256KT2MBPS G PER_100_POP E
Fixed broadband subscriptions per 100 inhabitants, by speed (per 100 inhabitants) 2MT10MBPS G PER_100_POP E
Fixed broadband subscriptions per 100 inhabitants, by speed (per 100 inhabitants) ANYS G PER_100_POP E
Food waste (Tonnes) HHS G A TONNES E
Food waste (Tonnes) OOHC G A TONNES E
Food waste (Tonnes) RTL G A TONNES E
Food waste per capita (KG) ALL G A KG E
Food waste per capita (KG) HHS G A KG E
Food waste per capita (KG) OOHC G A KG E
Food waste per capita (KG) RTL G A KG E
Foreign direct investment (FDI) inflows (millions of United States dollars) G CU_USD_M C
Foreign direct investment, net inflows, as a proportion of GDP (%) G PERCENT G
Forest area (thousands of hectares) G A HA_TH C
Forest area as a proportion of total land area (%) G A PERCENT C
Forest area certified under an independently verified certification scheme (thousands of hectares) G A HA_TH C
Fossil-fuel subsidies (consumption and production) (billions of nominal United States dollars) G A CU_USD_B E
Fossil-fuel subsidies (consumption and production) as a proportion of total GDP (%) G A PERCENT E
Fossil-fuel subsidies (consumption and production) per capita (nominal United States dollars) G A CU_USD E
Freight volume, by mode of transport (tonne kilometres) AIR G T_KM C
Gross receipts by developing countries of official sustainable development grants (millions of United States dollars)
G CU_USD_M G
Health worker density, by type of occupation (per 10,000 population) G PHYS PER_10000_POP C

99

Technical
Appendix

2024 UN E-Government Survey

Table 16

(continued)

Sustainable Development Goals indicators.
Implementation of standard accounting tools to monitor the economic and environmental aspects of tourism (SEEA
tables) G NUMBER C
Implementation of standard accounting tools to monitor the economic and environmental aspects of tourism
(Tourism Satellite Account tables) G NUMBER C
Implementation of standard accounting tools to monitor the economic and environmental aspects of tourism
(number of tables) G NUMBER C
Indicator of Food Price Anomalies (IFPA), by Consumer Food Price Index G A INDEX G
Installed renewable electricity-generating capacity (watts per capita) G W_PER_CAPITA E
International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR01
International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR02
International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR03
International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR04
International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR05
International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR06
International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR07
International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR08
International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR09
International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR10
International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR11
International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR12
International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR13
International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR2-C01
International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR2-C02
International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR2-C03
International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR2-C04
International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR2-C05
International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR2-C06
International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR2-C07
International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR2-C08
International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR2-C09
International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR2-C10
International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR2-C11
International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR2-C12
International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR2-C13
International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR2-C14
International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR2-C15
International financial flows to developing countries in support of clean energy research and development and
renewable energy production, including in hybrid systems (millions of constant 2021 United States dollars) G
CON_USD_M E
Lakes and rivers permanent water area (% of total land area) G A PERCENT E
Lakes and rivers permanent water area (square kilometres) G A KMSQ E
Lakes and rivers permanent water area change (%) G B PERCENT E
Lakes and rivers seasonal water area (% of total land area) G A PERCENT E
Lakes and rivers seasonal water area (square kilometres) G A KMSQ E
Lakes and rivers seasonal water area change (%) G B PERCENT E

100

Technical
Appendix

Table 16

(continued)

Sustainable Development Goals indicators.
Legislation, Regulation, Act related to the prevention of introduction and management of Invasive Alien Species (1
= YES, 0 = NO) G BOOL N
Level of national compliance with labour rights (freedom of association and collective bargaining) based on
International Labour Organization (ILO) textual sources and national legislation G E SCORE G
Level of water stress: freshwater withdrawal as a proportion of available freshwater resources (%) G A PERCENT
INDUSTRIES G
Level of water stress: freshwater withdrawal as a proportion of available freshwater resources (%) G A PERCENT
ISIC4_GTT G
Level of water stress: freshwater withdrawal as a proportion of available freshwater resources (%) G A PERCENT
TOTAL G
Manufacturing value added (constant 2015 United States dollars) as a proportion of GDP (%) G A PERCENT
ISIC4_C CA
Manufacturing value added (current United States dollars) as a proportion of GDP (%) G A PERCENT ISIC4_C CA
Manufacturing value added per capita (constant 2015 United States dollars) G A CON_USD ISIC4_C CA
Maternal mortality ratio FEMALE G PER_100000_LIVE_BIRTHS E
Merchandise trade as a proportion of GDP (%) G PERCENT G
National Biodiversity Strategy and Action Plan (NBSAP) targets alignment to Aichi Biodiversity target 9 set out in the
Strategic Plan for Biodiversity 2011-2020 (1 = YES, 0 = NO) G BOOL N
Neonatal deaths (number) BOTHSEX G NUMBER <1M E
Neonatal mortality rate (deaths per 1,000 live births) BOTHSEX G PER_1000_LIVE_BIRTHS <1M E
Non-performing loans net of provisions to capital (%) G A PERCENT C
Non-performing loans to total gross loans (%) G A PERCENT C
Number of automated teller machines (ATMs) per 100,000 adults G A PER_100000_POP 15+ C
Number of commercial bank branches per 100,000 adults G A PER_100000_POP 15+ C
Number of fixed broadband subscriptions, by speed (number) 256KT2MBPS G NUMBER C
Number of fixed broadband subscriptions, by speed (number) 2MT10MBPS G NUMBER C
Number of fixed broadband subscriptions, by speed (number) ANYS G NUMBER C
Number of local breeds kept in the country G E NUMBER E
Number of local breeds with unknown risk status (number) G E NUMBER E
Number of people requiring interventions against neglected tropical diseases (number) G NUMBER CA
Number of refugees per 100,000 population, by country of origin (per 100,000 population) G PER_100000_POP C
Number of seats held by women in national parliaments (number) FEMALE G NUMBER C
Number of speakers in parliament, by age and sex , Lower Chamber or Unicameral MALE G NUMBER 46+ C
Number of transboundary breeds (including extinct ones) G E NUMBER E
Number of youth in parliament (age 45 or below), Lower Chamber or Unicameral (Number) G NUMBER <=45Y C
Open Data Inventory (ODIN) Coverage Index G INDEX E
Parties meeting their commitments and obligations in transmitting information as required by Basel Convention on
hazardous waste, and other chemicals (%) G PERCENT C
Parties meeting their commitments and obligations in transmitting information as required by Rotterdam
Convention on hazardous waste, and other chemicals (%) G PERCENT C
Parties meeting their commitments and obligations in transmitting information as required by Stockholm
Convention on hazardous waste, and other chemicals (%) G PERCENT C
Passenger volume (passenger kilometres), by mode of transport AIR G P_KM C
Population in moderate or severe food insecurity (thousands of people) MALE G A NUM_TH 15+ G
Population in severe food insecurity (thousands of people) FEMALE G A NUM_TH 15+ G

101

Technical
Appendix

2024 UN E-Government Survey

Table 16

(continued)

Sustainable Development Goals indicators.
Population in severe food insecurity (thousands of people) MALE G A NUM_TH 15+ G
Portfolio investment, net (Balance of Payments, current United States dollars) G CU_USD G
Prevalence of moderate or severe food insecurity in the population (%) MALE ALLAREA G A PERCENT 15+ G
Prevalence of severe food insecurity in the population (%) MALE ALLAREA G A PERCENT 15+ G
Prevalence of undernourishment (%) G E PERCENT E
Proportion of children moderately or severely overweight (%) G A PER_POP_U5 <5Y M
Proportion of children moderately or severely stunted (%) G A PER_POP_U5 <5Y M
Proportion of domestic budget funded by domestic taxes (%) G A PERCENT C
Proportion of population covered by at least a 2G mobile network (%) G PERCENT C
Proportion of population covered by at least a 3G mobile network (%) G PERCENT C
Proportion of population covered by at least a 4G mobile network (%) G PERCENT C
Proportion of population practicing open defecation, by urban/rural (%) ALLAREA G PERCENT E
Proportion of population practicing open defecation, by urban/rural (%) RURAL G PERCENT E
Proportion of population practicing open defecation, by urban/rural (%) URBAN G PERCENT E
Proportion of population using basic drinking water services, by location (%) ALLAREA G PERCENT E
Proportion of population using basic drinking water services, by location (%) RURAL G PERCENT E
Proportion of population using basic drinking water services, by location (%) URBAN G PERCENT E
Proportion of population using basic sanitation services, by location (%) ALLAREA G PERCENT E
Proportion of population using basic sanitation services, by location (%) RURAL G PERCENT E
Proportion of population using basic sanitation services, by location (%) URBAN G PERCENT E
Proportion of population with access to electricity, by urban/rural (%) ALLAREA G PERCENT M
Proportion of population with access to electricity, by urban/rural (%) URBAN G PERCENT M
Proportion of seats held by women in national parliaments (% of total number of seats) FEMALE G PERCENT C
Proportion of tariff lines applied to imports with zero-tariff (%) G AGR PERCENT C
Proportion of tariff lines applied to imports with zero-tariff (%) G ALP PERCENT C
Proportion of tariff lines applied to imports with zero-tariff (%) G ARM PERCENT C
Proportion of tariff lines applied to imports with zero-tariff (%) G CLO PERCENT C
Proportion of tariff lines applied to imports with zero-tariff (%) G IND PERCENT C
Proportion of tariff lines applied to imports with zero-tariff (%) G TEX PERCENT C
Proportion of the target population who received 3 doses of diphtheria-tetanus-pertussis (DTP3) vaccine (%) G
PERCENT E
Proportion of the target population who received a 3rd dose of pneumococcal conjugate (PCV3) vaccine (%) G
PERCENT E
Proportion of the target population who received measles-containing-vaccine second-dose (MCV2) (%) G PERCENT E
Proportion of voting rights of developing countries in international organizations, by organization (%) G PERCENT G IMF
Proportion of youth in parliament (age 45 or below), Lower Chamber or Unicameral (%) G PERCENT <=45Y C
Ratio for female members of parliaments (Ratio of the proportion of women in parliament in the proportion of
women in the national population with the age of eligibility as a lower bound boundary), Lower Chamber or
Unicameral G Ratio C
Ratio of young members in parliament (Ratio of the proportion of young members in parliament (age 45 or
below) in the proportion of the national population (age 45 or below) with the age of eligibility as a lower bound
boundary), Lower Chamber or Unicameral G Ratio <=45Y C
Recipient countries of global funding with access to any funding from global financial mechanisms for projects
related to invasive alien species management (1 = YES, 0 = NO) G BOOL N
Red List Index G INDEX E

102

Technical
Appendix

Table 16

(continued)

Sustainable Development Goals indicators.
Regulatory Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets (%) G A PERCENT C
Regulatory capital to assets (%) G A PERCENT C
Renewable energy share in the total final energy consumption (%) G PERCENT E
Reservoir minimum water area (% of total land area) G A PERCENT E
Reservoir minimum water area (square kilometres) G A KMSQ E
Reservoir minimum water area change (%) G B PERCENT E
Return on assets (%) G A PERCENT C
Total government revenue (budgetary central government) as a proportion of GDP (%) G A PERCENT C
Total government revenue, in local currency G A CUR_LCU_M C
Total reported number of Standard Material Transfer Agreements (SMTAs) transferring plant genetic resources for
food and agriculture to the country (number) G NUMBER C
Total reserves in months of imports (ratio) G Ratio G
Tuberculosis incidence (per 100,000 population) G PER_100000_POP G
Under-five deaths (number) MALE G NUMBER <5Y E
Under-five mortality rate, by sex (deaths per 1,000 live births) MALE G PER_1000_LIVE_BIRTHS <5Y E
Universal health coverage (UHC) service coverage index G INDEX E
Volume of remittances (in United States dollars) as a proportion of total GDP (%) G PERCENT G
Water Use Efficiency (United States dollars per cubic meter) G A USD/m3 INDUSTRIES G
Water Use Efficiency (United States dollars per cubic meter) G A USD/m3 ISIC4_A01_A0210_A0322 G
Water Use Efficiency (United States dollars per cubic meter) G A USD/m3 ISIC4_GTT G
Water Use Efficiency (United States dollars per cubic meter) G A USD/m3 TOTAL G
Worldwide weighted tariff-average, most-favoured-nation status, by type of product (%) G AGR PERCENT C
Worldwide weighted tariff-average, most-favoured-nation status, by type of product (%) G ALP PERCENT C
Worldwide weighted tariff-average, most-favoured-nation status, by type of product (%) G CLO PERCENT C
Worldwide weighted tariff-average, most-favoured-nation status, by type of product (%) G IND PERCENT C
Worldwide weighted tariff-average, most-favoured-nation status, by type of product (%) G TEX PERCENT C
Worldwide weighted tariff-average, preferential status, by type of product (%) G AGR PERCENT C
Worldwide weighted tariff-average, preferential status, by type of product (%) G ALP PERCENT C
Worldwide weighted tariff-average, preferential status, by type of product (%) G CLO PERCENT C
Worldwide weighted tariff-average, preferential status, by type of product (%) G IND PERCENT C
Worldwide weighted tariff-average, preferential status, by type of product (%) G TEX PERCENT C
[ILO] Proportion of children/households receiving child/family cash benefit, by sex (%) BOTHSEX G A PERCENT E
[ILO] Proportion of employed population covered in the event of work injury, by sex (%) BOTHSEX G A PERCENT E
[ILO] Proportion of mothers with newborns receiving maternity cash benefit (%) FEMALE G A PERCENT E
[ILO] Proportion of population above statutory pensionable age receiving a pension, by sex (%) BOTHSEX G A
PERCENT E
[ILO] Proportion of population covered by at least one social protection benefit, by sex (%) BOTHSEX G A PERCENT E
[ILO] Proportion of population with severe disabilities receiving disability cash benefit, by sex (%) BOTHSEX G A
PERCENT E
[ILO] Proportion of unemployed persons receiving unemployment cash benefit, by sex (%) BOTHSEX G A PERCENT E
[ILO] Proportion of vulnerable population receiving social assistance cash benefit, by sex (%) BOTHSEX G A
PERCENT E

103

Technical
Appendix

2024 UN E-Government Survey

Table 17
Most and least similar states in the complex network built from selected
indicators, with the related Pearson correlation values

104

Most similar State

Less similar State

Afghanistan

Eritrea (0.6525)

Canada (0.2313)

Albania

Moldova (0.8639)

Equatorial Guinea (0.2550)

Algeria

Tunisia (0.8409)

Chad (0.2111)

Andorra

St. Kitts and Nevis (0.8037)

Liberia (0.2166)

Angola

Mozambique (0.7296)

China (0.2218)

Antigua and Barbuda

St. Lucia (0.8669)

Somalia (0.2058)

Argentina

Uruguay (0.7661)

Central African Republic (0.1977)

Armenia

Georgia (0.8799)

South Sudan (0.2412)

Australia

Denmark (0.8531)

Guinea-Bissau (0.1804)

Austria

Greece (0.8763)

Haiti (0.2130)

Azerbaijan

Kazakhstan (0.7980)

South Sudan (0.1963)

Bahamas

Antigua and Barbuda (0.7323)

China (0.1984)

Bahrain

Kuwait (0.7931)

Somalia (0.2358)

Bangladesh

Morocco (0.7554)

Somalia (0.2503)

Barbados

Trinidad and Tobago (0.8486)

Belarus

Portugal (0.8218)

Belgium

Portugal (0.8448)

Equatorial Guinea (0.2021)

Belize

St. Vincent and the Grenadines (0.7326)

China (0.1695)

Benin

Togo (0.7919)

Russian Federation (0.1648)

Bhutan

Yemen (0.6873)

Liechtenstein (0.2171)

Bolivia

Tunisia (0.7670)

South Sudan (0.2770)

Bosnia and Herzegovina

North Macedonia (0.8198)

Botswana

Brunei Darussalam (0.7189)

Brazil

Spain (0.6885)

Equatorial Guinea (0.1734)

Brunei Darussalam

Bosnia and Herzegovina (0.7966)

Uganda (0.2052)

Bulgaria

Czech Republic (0.8561)

Burkina Faso

Togo (0.8122)

Russian Federation (0.2373)

Burundi

Guinea (0.7896)

Australia (0.1928)

Cabo Verde

Trinidad and Tobago (0.7744)

Central African Republic (0.2348)

Cambodia

Laos (0.7904)

United States (0.2000)

Cameroon

Sudan (0.7806)

Australia (0.2032)

Canada

Australia (0.8131)

Madagascar (0.1623)

Central African Republic

Guinea-Bissau (0.7263)

United States (-0.2478)

Chad

Burkina Faso (0.7184)

Ukraine (0.1715)

Chile

Armenia (0.8077)

China

United States (0.7029)

Central African Republic (-0.2044)

Colombia

Costa Rica (0.8323)

Chad (0.1935)

Democratic Republic of the Congo
(0.2038)
Democratic Republic of the Congo
(0.2248)

Democratic Republic of the Congo
(0.2123)
Democratic People's Republic of Korea
(0.2300)

Democratic Republic of the Congo
(0.2214)

Democratic Republic of the Congo
(0.1801)

Technical
Appendix

Table 17

(continued)
Most similar State

Less similar State

Comoros

Cote d'Ivoire (0.7168)

Russian Federation (0.1879)

Costa Rica

Latvia (0.8359)

South Sudan (0.2013)

Cote d'Ivoire

Togo (0.8431)

China (0.1843)

Croatia

Spain (0.8998)

South Sudan (0.2181)

Cuba

Portugal (0.7794)

Cyprus

Lithuania (0.8158)

Czech Republic

Austria (0.8745)

Democratic Republic of the
Congo
Democratic People’s
Republic of Korea

Nigeria (0.7045)
Iran, Islamic Rep. (0.5857)

Democratic Republic of the Congo
(0.2198)
Democratic Republic of the Congo
(0.1972)
Democratic Republic of the Congo
(0.2275)
Kazakhstan (0.1712)
Democratic Republic of the Congo
(0.1917)

Denmark

Norway (0.9016)

Equatorial Guinea (0.1901)

Djibouti

Fiji (0.6164)

United Kingdom (0.1891)

Dominica

St. Vincent and the Grenadines (0.8315)

China (0.1906)

Dominican Republic

Honduras (0.8064)

Central African Republic (0.2232)

Ecuador

Morocco (0.7890)

Central African Republic (0.1835)

Egypt

Tunisia (0.8130)

Somalia (0.2004)

El Salvador

Nicaragua (0.8394)

San Marino (0.2219)

Equatorial Guinea

Gabon (0.6910)

Brazil (0.1734)

Eritrea

Togo (0.7348)

San Marino (0.2664)

Estonia

Latvia (0.8996)

Chad (0.2164)

Eswatini

Laos (0.6994)

United States (0.1899)

Ethiopia

Sudan (0.7588)

Brunei Darussalam (0.2349)

Fiji

Maldives (0.7614)

South Sudan (0.2095)

Finland

Sweden (0.9214)

Equatorial Guinea (0.2148)

France

Spain (0.9042)

Liberia (0.1980)

Gabon

Republic of Congo (0.7617)

Russian Federation (0.2143)

Gambia

Guinea (0.7673)

Liechtenstein (0.2364)

Georgia

Armenia (0.8799)

Chad (0.2249)

Germany

France (0.8977)

Madagascar (0.1950)

Ghana

Senegal (0.7473)

China (0.1839)

Greece

Austria (0.8763)

Grenada

St. Vincent and the Grenadines (0.8195)

Chad (0.2076)

Guatemala

Morocco (0.7444)

Liechtenstein (0.2151)

Guinea

Mali (0.8123)

Japan (0.1777)

Guinea-Bissau

Sierra Leone (0.7702)

Australia (0.1804)

Guyana

St. Lucia (0.7801)

Central African Republic (0.1978)

Haiti

Zambia (0.6177)

India (0.1806)

Honduras

Dominican Republic (0.8064)

San Marino (0.2356)

Hungary

Croatia (0.8880)

Chad (0.2174)

Democratic Republic of the Congo
(0.2213)

105

Technical
Appendix

2024 UN E-Government Survey

Table 17

(continued)

Most similar State

Less similar State

Iceland

Norway (0.8257)

Somalia (0.2360)

India

China (0.6792)

Haiti (0.1806)

Indonesia

Philippines (0.7654)

Somalia (0.2110)

Iran

Algeria (0.7494)

Lesotho (0.2013)

Iraq

Syrian Arab Republic (0.7402)

Equatorial Guinea (0.1988)

Ireland

Latvia (0.8212)

Haiti (0.1907)

Israel

Singapore (0.8219)

Guinea (0.2043)

Italy

Spain (0.8797)

Jamaica

El Salvador (0.8212)

South Sudan (0.2126)

Japan

Republic of Korea (0.8643)

Guinea (0.1777)

Jordan

Laos (0.7426)

South Sudan (0.2026)

Kazakhstan

Belarus (0.8055)

Kenya

Senegal (0.7642)

China (0.1686)

Kiribati

Federated States of Micronesia (0.7090)

United States (0.1852)

Kuwait

Qatar (0.8578)

Niger (0.2204)

Kyrgyz Republic

Montenegro (0.8207)

Central African Republic (0.2241)

Laos

Cambodia (0.7904)

China (0.2144)

Latvia

Lithuania (0.9042)

Chad (0.1950)

Lebanon

Venezuela (0.7594)

South Sudan (0.1987)

Lesotho

Namibia (0.6462)

Russian Federation (0.1803)

Liberia

Guinea-Bissau (0.7682)

Australia (0.1876)

Libya

Iraq (0.7014)

Somalia (0.1901)

Liechtenstein

Singapore (0.7105)

Guatemala (0.2151)

Lithuania

Latvia (0.9042)

Niger (0.2211)

Luxembourg

Denmark (0.8322)

Madagascar (0.2121)

Madagascar

Togo (0.7685)

Canada (0.1623)

Malawi

Burundi (0.7889)

Australia (0.1857)

Malaysia

Thailand (0.8364)

Somalia (0.1819)

Maldives

Fiji (0.7614)

Mali

Guinea (0.8123)

Russian Federation (0.2137)

Malta

Croatia (0.8678)

Chad (0.2372)

Marshall Islands

Tuvalu (0.7777)

Canada (0.2222)

Mauritania

Senegal (0.7644)

Russian Federation (0.1859)

Mauritius

Seychelles (0.7570)

Mexico

Costa Rica (0.7895)

Somalia (0.1890)

Marshall Islands (0.7744)

Chad (0.2106)

Moldova

Albania (0.8639)

Central African Republic (0.2039)

Monaco

Andorra (0.7751)

Ethiopia (0.2515)

Mongolia

Portugal (0.7763)

Federated States of
Micronesia

106

Democratic Republic of the Congo
(0.1832)

Democratic Republic of the Congo
(0.1712)

Democratic Republic of the Congo
(0.1718)

Democratic Republic of the Congo
(0.2133)

Democratic Republic of the Congo
(0.2512)

Technical
Appendix

Table 17

(continued)

Most similar State

Less similar State

Montenegro

Kyrgyz Republic (0.8207)

Chad (0.2049)

Morocco

Tunisia (0.8694)

Central African Republic (0.1948)

Mozambique

Yemen (0.7978)

United States (0.2112)

Myanmar

Laos (0.7676)

United States (0.2815)

Namibia

Yemen(0.7164)

China (0.2233)

Nauru

Bosnia and Herzegovina (0.6476)

Senegal (0.2209)

Nepal

Laos (0.7410)

Russian Federation (0.1982)

Netherlands

Denmark (0.8814)

Madagascar (0.1985)

New Zealand

Portugal (0.8089)

Sierra Leone (0.1880)

Nicaragua

El Salvador (0.8394)

Central African Republic (0.1936)

Niger

Benin (0.7856)

Thailand (0.1703)

Nigeria

Pakistan (0.7167)

China (0.1825)

North Macedonia

Bosnia and Herzegovina (0.8198)

Niger (0.2561)

Norway

Denmark (0.9016)

Chad (0.1836)

Oman

Kuwait (0.8210)

Somalia (0.1903)

Pakistan

Nigeria (0.7167)

United States (0.2103)

Palau

Tonga (0.7356)

Burkina Faso (0.2820)

Panama

Albania (0.7916)

Central African Republic (0.2043)

Papua New Guinea

Yemen (0.7046)

Turkmenistan (0.2014)

Paraguay

Trinidad and Tobago (0.7376)

Central African Republic (0.2085)

Peru

Ecuador (0.7558)

Central African Republic (0.2217)

Philippines

Malaysia (0.7956)

Central African Republic (0.1886)

Poland

Slovenia (0.8394)

Portugal

Spain (0.8997)

Qatar

United Arab Emirates (0.8644)

South Sudan (0.2052)

Republic of Congo

Gabon (0.7617)

Nauru (0.2380)

Republic of Korea

Japan (0.8643)

Niger (0.1796)

Romania

Czech Republic (0.8706)

South Sudan (0.2091)

Russian Federation

Canada (0.7528)

Benin (0.1648)

Rwanda

Yemen (0.7822)

China (0.2315)

Samoa

Tuvalu (0.7869)

Central African Republic (0.2004)

San Marino

Monaco (0.6633)

Lesotho (0.2214)

Sao Tome and Principe

Gambia, The (0.7257)

Saudi Arabia

Kuwait (0.8394)

Senegal

Mauritania (0.7644)

Serbia

Bulgaria (0.8083)

Seychelles

Mauritius (0.7570)

China (0.2058)

Sierra Leone

Guinea-Bissau (0.7702)

India (0.1847)

Singapore

Israel (0.8219)

Liberia (0.1942)

Democratic Republic of the Congo
(0.1985)
Democratic Republic of the Congo
(0.2470)

Democratic People's Republic of Korea
(0.2054)
Democratic Republic of the Congo
(0.2159)
United States (0.1969)
Democratic Republic of the Congo
(0.2349)

107

Technical
Appendix

2024 UN E-Government Survey

Table 17

(continued)

Most similar State

Less similar State

Slovak Republic

Hungary (0.8842)

Chad (0.1906)

Slovenia

Lithuania (0.8937)

Guinea-Bissau (0.2516)

Solomon Islands

Samoa (0.6729)

China (0.1904)

Somalia

South Sudan (0.6638)

Malaysia (0.1819)

South Africa

Mexico (0.7696)

South Sudan (0.2125)

South Sudan

Central African Republic (0.6859)

Uzbekistan (0.1927)

Spain

France (0.9042)

Chad (0.1860)

Sri Lanka

El Salvador (0.7402)

South Sudan (0.2019)

St. Kitts and Nevis

St. Vincent and the Grenadines (0.8058)

Chad (0.2297)

St. Lucia

Antigua and Barbuda (0.8669)

Somalia (0.2567)

Dominica (0.8315)

China (0.1947)

Sudan

Cameroon (0.7806)

Russian Federation (0.2166)

Suriname

Trinidad and Tobago (0.7443)

Central African Republic (0.2046)

Sweden

Finland (0.9214)

Equatorial Guinea (0.1965)

Switzerland

Sweden (0.8865)

Sierra Leone (0.1992)

Syrian Arab Republic

Iraq (0.7402)

China (0.2177)

Tajikistan

Kyrgyz Republic (0.7569)

United States (0.2792)

Tanzania

Kenya (0.7397)

Russian Federation (0.2188)

Thailand

Malaysia (0.8364)

Niger (0.1703)

Timor-Leste

Tuvalu (0.6724)

Togo

Cote d'Ivoire (0.8431)

Russian Federation (0.2079)

Tonga

Samoa (0.7798)

Central African Republic (0.1810)

Trinidad and Tobago

Barbados (0.8486)

Chad (0.2398)

Tunisia

Morocco (0.8694)

Central African Republic (0.1943)

Türkiye

Spain (0.7528)

Madagascar (0.2019)

Turkmenistan

Bahrain (0.7553)

Tuvalu

Samoa (0.7869)

Central African Republic (0.2054)

Uganda

Rwanda (0.7288)

Brunei Darussalam (0.2052)

Ukraine

Greece (0.7377)

Chad (0.1715)

United Arab Emirates

Qatar (0.8644)

Madagascar (0.1988)

United Kingdom

France (0.8938)

Djibouti (0.1891)

United States

Canada (0.7619)

Central African Republic (-0.2478)

Uruguay

Serbia (0.7935)

South Sudan (0.2177)

Uzbekistan

Bahrain (0.7876)

Vanuatu

Tajikistan (0.7444)

United States (0.2191)

Venezuela

Lebanon (0.7594)

Niger (0.2798)

Vietnam

Cote d'Ivoire (0.7002)

China (0.1904)

Yemen

Mozambique (0.7978)

United States (0.2132)

Zambia

Burkina Faso (0.7924)

China (0.1705)

Zimbabwe

Thailand (0.7099)

Somalia (0.2281)

St. Vincent and the
Grenadines

108

Democratic Republic of the Congo
(0.2653)

Democratic Republic of the Congo
(0.1862)

Democratic Republic of the Congo
(0.1772)

Technical
Appendix

15. Addendum on Artificial Intelligence
Table 18

Selected list of United Nations Artificial Intelligence initiatives

UN Resolutions
Title

Description

URL

Resolution A/RES/78/311

“Enhancing international cooperation on capacity-

https://digitallibrary.un.org/

building of artificial intelligence: draft resolution” (25 record/4053245?ln=en&v=pdf
June 2024)
This emphasizes the importance of international
cooperation in building artificial intelligence (AI)
capacity,

especially

in

developing

countries.

It

highlights the need for AI systems to be safe, reliable,
trustworthy, and inclusive, with a focus on promoting
human rights and adhering to international law. The
resolution recognizes the rapid technological changes
and the potential of AI to contribute to sustainable
development goals, while also acknowledging the risks
and challenges associated with its misuse.
Resolution A/RES/78/265

“Seizing the opportunities of safe, secure and

https://digitallibrary.un.org/

trustworthy

record/4043244?v=pdf

artificial

intelligence

systems

for

sustainable development“ (2024)* Adopted on March
21, 2024, this landmark resolution is the first UN
resolution focused entirely on AI. It emphasizes the
importance of developing AI systems that are safe,
secure, and trustworthy while promoting sustainable
development. The resolution calls for international
cooperation, equitable access to AI technologies, and
the protection of human rights. It also highlights the
need for regulatory frameworks at both national and
international levels to manage AI risks and ensure its
benefits are widely shared.
Resolution A/

“New and emerging digital technologies and human

https://digitallibrary.un.org/

HRC/53/L.27/Rev.1

rights“ adopted by the Human Rights Council on 14

record/4020206?ln=en&v=pdf

July 2023
It points out the importance of addressing the human
rights implications of new and emerging digital
technologies. It highlights the need for international
cooperation and a human rights-based approach to
regulate and utilize these technologies to ensure they
contribute to the promotion and protection of human
rights.

109

Technical
Appendix

2024 UN E-Government Survey

Table 18

(continued)

UN Secretariat
Secretary General Advisory Body
Title

Description

URL

Governing AI for

The interim report by the UN High-level Advisory Body

https://www.un.org/en/ai-

Humanity - United

on AI outlines principles and functions for global AI

advisory-body

Nations (2023)

governance. It addresses the opportunities, risks,
and challenges of AI, proposing a framework for
international collaboration to ensure AI benefits all
humanity while mitigating risks.

High level advisory body on Artificial Intelligence
Interim Report:

The report calls for a closer alignment between

https://www.un.org/en/ai-

Governing AI for

international norms and how AI is developed and

advisory-body

Humanity

rolled out.

UN DESA
With AI, jobs are

It explores AI's impact on labor markets, emphasizing

https://www.un.org/tr/desa/

changing but no mass

its replacement of routine tasks and the creation of

ai-jobs-are-changing-no-mass-

unemployment expected

new roles requiring interpersonal skills and advocates

unemployment-expected-un-

- UN labour experts

for policies ensuring equitable AI benefits and urges

labour-experts

governments to adopt flexible regulations and
enhance social protections. ILO stresses the importance
of adapting to digital technology.
Frontier Issues:

This is to provide a comprehensive analysis of how

https://www.un.org/

The Impact of the

technological advancements, particularly those

development/desa/dpad/

Technological Revolution

involving artificial intelligence (AI) and automation, are

wp-content/uploads/sites/45/

on Labour Markets and

transforming the global economy and labor markets.

publication/2017_Aug_

Income Distribution (July.

Frontier-Issues-1.pdf

2017)
Internet Governance Forum
Policy Network on

It collects Global multistakeholder effort on AI and

https://www.intgovforum.org/

Artificial Intelligence

provides Four new PNAI focus areas for 2024, building

en/pnai

(PNAI)

on the previous AI discussions.

UNESCO
Recommendation on

UNESCO’s first-ever global standard on AI ethics – was

https://www.unesco.org/en/

the Ethics of Artificial

adopted by all 193 Member States in November 2021.

articles/recommendation-

Intelligence

Adopted by UNESCO member states in November

ethics-artificial-intelligence

2021, the recommendation outlines a series of
values, principles, and actions to guide states in the
formulation of their legislation, policies, and other
instruments regarding AI. For instance, the document
calls for action to guarantee individuals more privacy
and data protection, by ensuring transparency,
agency, and control over their personal data. Explicit
bans on the use of AI systems for social scoring and
mass surveillance are also highlighted, and there are
provisions for ensuring that real-world biases are not
replicated online.

110

Technical
Appendix

Table 18

(continued)

Title

Description

URL

Report of the High-

The report details the virtual meeting held on 29 July

https://digitallibrary.un.org/

level Committee on

2020 by the High-level Committee on Programmes

record/3895564?ln=en&v=pdf

Programmes on its

to discuss the ethics of artificial intelligence (AI). The

Virtual Consultation on

meeting, led by UNESCO, focused on developing a

the Ethics of Artificial

global standard-setting instrument on AI ethics. It

Intelligence

emphasized the importance of addressing ethical
concerns such as privacy, data protection, and biases,
and highlighted the need for international cooperation
and capacity-building. The discussions underscored
the critical role of the United Nations in ensuring AI is
developed and used ethically and inclusively, benefiting
all sectors of society.

ITU
United Nations Activities

This report compiles AI-related activities from 46 UN

https://www.itu.int/dms_pub/

on Artificial Intelligence

agencies, focusing on the ethical use of AI and its

itu-s/opb/gen/S-GEN-UNACT-

(AI)

application across various sectors. It aims to foster

2022-PDF-E.pdf

collaboration and build a common understanding
of AI technologies, supporting the 2030 Agenda for
Sustainable Development.
UNU
Towards a UN Role in

This working paper discusses the governance

https://unu.edu/cpr/

Governing Foundation

challenges posed by foundation AI models like GPT-

working-paper/towards-un-

Artificial Intelligence

4. It recommends that the UN focus on norm and

role-governing-foundation-

Models (2023)

consensus-building rather than technical regulation,

artificial-intelligence-models

emphasizing equitable benefits distribution and
international convergence on best practices.

111

Technical
Appendix

2024 UN E-Government Survey

16. List of UN online research volunteers, responding countries and cities
to MSQ and LGQ
Table 19

112

List of online researchers

Abdulrahman Jean-Samuel Bonsenge-Bokanga

Abraham Selby

Adam Šíma

Adel Alareba

“sz
Adrienn Bo

Aisha Ayyad

Aishath Celestine Donovan-Bradley

Aissata Elisa Maria Campos

Alanood Alwahaibi

Alejandro Clastornik

Alexia de Roode Torres

Amadou OURY Diallo

Amal Salah Janahi

Amanda Zuze

Aminath Nihan

Amirjon Abdukodirov

Anchal Manchanda

Andrea Vinelli

Andrés Villar

Angel Zundel

Anita Adhikari

Anna Sobota

Annette Murigi

Antons Miscenko

Asim Omran

Asmaa Nabil

Assane Igodoe

Audrey Kianjaya

Baigorria Emman Zisko

Barry Hamblin

Basnet Pema

Batzorig Tuvshinjargal

Begench Bayramov

Botagoz Kairatkyzy

Canicave Rim

Caroline Echea

Charmaine Distor

Chuyi Lu

Courage Chakanza

Daniel Mordeki

Dean Ross

Deborah Marconcini Bittar

EL AID BLAILI

Eden Laura

Edith Williams

Eduardo Tejada

Elena Ricci

Elizabeth Chatora

Elizabeth Niland

Emma Hevlund

Emma Le

Emmanuel Merson Dioceli Flores

Essa Dayhan Daguer Barham

Esther-Maria Rohde

Eun Young Jung

Eva Bolza-Schünemann

Faniel Hagos

Fatema Alhamed

Fathia Assakina

Fatima Zahra El Azizi

Feda Muhammad

Fleur BELINGA

Galina Limorenko

Gaurav Madawela

Georgiadis Samuel

Gjokaj Soumaya

Gladys Besona

Hadja Keita

Hadjaratou Hamani

Hansali Dissanayake

Harry Sailale

Hsu Mon Kyaw

ISMAEL SANDA

Ibrahim Atta

Illugi Hjaltalin

Ilyas Ouirdaoui

Ioana Alexandra Trifa

Isaac Aaron

Isaac Henries

Isabel Susino

Ivana Jezkova

Jakhongir Berkinov

Jari Linikko

Jasmina Mulic

Jelissa Rodríguez

Jerome Idinin Adjimoti

Jessica W. L. Ware

Jingyi Jiang

Johanna Michell Chavez

Joseph Hendrikx

Joseph Lwanga

Joyeuse Tuyizere

Juan Wen

Kabanga Deo

Kareem Altakee

Katerina Mansour

Kelvin Luyako

Khadijatou Suso

Khammassi Pau Vidal Gil

Kie Okamoto

Konassandé Jaya

Krishna Pavan Challa

Ksenia Kumanina

Lamija Balta

Laura Hermann

Laura Karmacsi

Liel Gold

Liisa Kohonen

Lina Coronado

Lithakazi Mkombe

Liyana Arlouskaya

Lorena Belenky

Lousine Aroyan

Luis Mena

Magdalena ciesielska

Mahdi Sadeghiha

Maitha Alamimi

Maksim Padbiarozkin

Malika Gozikhonova

Manoek Sam

Margarit Baburyan

Mariami Bitsadze

Mariglent Jazi

Technical
Appendix

Table 19

(continued)

Marina Manakhova

Mario Mendoza

Mario von Ahn

Marisa Simbiak

Marsel Nurbolotov

Marta Rocha

Martina Astorga

Maryam Elsherif

Maëlle Délen

Moamal Ghalib

Mohamed Abdullahi

Mohammed Bilal Wali

Mon Kyaw Su Maung

Muhammad Danial Lim Ong

Naci Karkin

Nasser Anda Garba

Natalja Cekalina

Natasha Rumbidzai Rupiya

Nicole Boudassou Baez

Nicole Mkandla

Nikki Camilleri

Nikolaj Storm Petersen

Nneoma Ojike

Nomenatiana Bakoalijaona

Nurmuhammet Annayev

OJEI EMEKE COLLINS

Olena Shkarpitna

Olivia Morra

Oscar Oldbury-Swift

Parviz Melibaev

Patricia Moreno Gaona

Paulina Robles Rubio

Petya Barzilska

Pranjal Gautam

Prof. Karim Hamza

Rachael Purcell

Rafika Arsyad

Riyadh Fadhl

Roberta Spiteri

Rukhsara Babayeva

Rumen Stefanov

Ryan Ang

Sam Verebes

Sandra Kolb

Saumya Mehta

Scotia Haig

Serge Banga

Sharon Zuckerman

Shashveena Shamira Shafa

Sim Ti Richard

Sohaib Hamza Ekshiekh

Sot Liachnis

Soumaya Gjokaj

Sven Simikin

Séckou Amadou Alpha Coly

Tensae Endrias

Thien Tran

Thomas Nordbø Heyeraas

Tiblet Kelemwork

Unurtsetseg Boldbaatar

Uriel Maldonado Zamudio

Vasyl Kunychka

Wantinèki Diane

Won Fy Lee

Xuewei Liao

Yasmine Elsherif

Yasmine Jawad

Yousif El Ashi

Yudit Agni Puspitarini

Zaidullah Zahid

Zala Terlep Rogelj

Zosheen Riaz

labidi aya

113

Technical
Appendix

2024 UN E-Government Survey

Table 20

114

Responding countries to Member States Questionnaire (MSQ)

Albania

Greece

Republic of Moldova

Algeria

Germany

Russian Federation

Antigua and Barbuda

Guatemala

Samoa

Argentina

Gambia

Saudi Arabia

Armenia

Hungary

Serbia

Australia

Honduras

Seychelles

Austria

Kiribati

Singapore

Azerbaijan

Italy

Slovenia

Bahamas

Ireland

Somalia

Bahrain

Iraq

Spain

Bangladesh

Iran (Islamic Republic of)

Sri Lanka

Belgium

Indonesia

Sweden

Belize

India

Switzerland

Benin

Jordan

Syrian Arab Republic

Bhutan

Japan

Thailand

Bolivia (Plurinational State of)

Kyrgyzstan

Tonga

Bosnia and Herzegovina

Kuwait

Trinidad and Tobago

Brazil

Kazakhstan

Türkiye

Brunei Darussalam

Luxembourg

Tuvalu

Burkina Faso

Liechtenstein

United Arab Emirates

Cabo Verde

Lebanon

United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland

Cambodia

Latvia

United Republic of Tanzania

Canada

Lao People's Democratic Republic

Uruguay

Chile

Myanmar

Uzbekistan

China

Morocco

Viet Nam

Costa Rica

Montenegro

Yemen

Croatia

Mongolia

Cuba

Monaco

Cyprus

Mauritius

Czech Republic

Mauritania

Denmark

Malta

Dominican Republic

Malaysia

Ecuador

Oman

Egypt

Pakistan

Estonia

Panama

Eswatini

Paraguay

Ethiopia

Peru

Estonia

Philippines

Eswatini

Poland

Ethiopia

Portugal

Finland

Qatar

Fiji

Republic of Korea

Technical
Appendix

Table 21

Responding cities to Local Government Questionnaire (LGQ)

Addis Ababa (Ethiopia)

Algiers (Algeria)

Almaty (Kazakhstan)

Amman (Jordan)

Apia (Samoa)

Baghdad (Iraq)

Baku (Azerbaijan)

Bangkok (Thailand)

Belize City (Belize)

Berlin (Germany)

Bogota (Colombia)

Brussels (Belgium)

Casablanca (Morocco)
Cotonou (Benin)

City of Tallinn (Estonia)

Colombo (Sri Lanka)

Dar Es Salaam (United Republic of

Dhaka (Dhaka North City Corporation)

Tanzania)

(Bangladesh)

Doha (Qatar)

Dubai (United Arab Emirates)

Dublin (Ireland)

Guatemala (Guatemala)

Havana (Cuba)

Jakarta (Indonesia)

Karachi (Pakistan)

Kuala Lumpur (Malaysia)

London (United Kingdom of Great Britain and
Northern Ireland)

Manama (Bahrain)

Mbabane (Eswatini)

Monaco (Monaco)

Montevideo (Uruguay)

Moscow (Russian Federation)

Mumbai (India)

Niamey (Niger)

Nicosia (Cyprus)

Nouakchott (Mauritania)

Ouagadougou (Burkina Faso)

Port Louis (Mauritius)

Riyadh (Saudi Arabia)

Roma (Italy)
São Paulo (Brazil)
Thimphu Thromde
(Municipality)(Bhutan)
Vienna (Austria)

Santo Domingo (Dominican
Republic)

Singapore (Singapore)

Tashkent (Uzbekistan)

Tel Aviv (Israel)

Tirana (Albania)

Tokyo (Japan)

Yangon (Myanmar)

Yerevan (Armenia)

115

Technical
Appendix

2024 UN E-Government Survey

This thirteenth edition of the United Nations E-Government Survey,
released in 2024, provides a comprehensive assessment of the digital
government landscape across all 193 Member States. The 2024
Survey highlights a significant upward trend in the development of
digital government worldwide, with increased investment in resilient
infrastructure and cutting-edge technologies. The global average value
of the E-Government Development Index (EGDI) shows substantial
improvement, with the proportion of the population lagging in digital
government development decreasing from 45.0 per cent in 2022 to
22.4 per cent in 2024.
Despite significant progress in digital government development, the
EGDI averages for the African region, least developed countries, and
small island developing States remain below the global average,
underscoring the need for targeted efforts to bridge existing gaps.
At the local level, the Survey continues to assess city portals using the
Local Online Services Index (LOSI). The LOSI findings reflect steady
progress but also highlight persistent disparities between national
and local e-government performance, pointing to the need for focused
initiatives to strengthen digital government at the municipal level.
This edition introduces the new Digital Government Model Framework,
providing countries with a comprehensive road map for the effective
planning, implementation and assessment of digital government
initiatives.
A short addendum explores the integration of artificial intelligence (AI)
in digital government development, emphasizing the importance
of maximizing benefits and minimizing risks to achieve balanced
governance.

ISBN 978-92-1-00326-67

116

