E-Government
Survey 2024
Technical Appendix




                     A
    2024 UN E-Government Survey




B
Department of Economic and Social Affairs



UNITED NATIONS
E-GOVERNMENT
SURVEY 2024
Technical Appendix




               UNITED NATIONS
               New York, 2024
               https://publicadministration.un.org/en/
               publicadministration.un.org/egovkb/en-us/


                                                           i
     2024 UN E-Government Survey




ii
                                                                                                         Disclaimers



United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs
The Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat is a vital interface between
global policies in the economic, social and environmental spheres and national action. The Department
works in three main interlinked areas: (i) it compiles, generates and analyses a wide range of economic,
social and environmental data and information on which States Members of the United Nations draw to
review common problems and to take stock of policy options; (ii) it facilitates the negotiations of Member
States in many intergovernmental bodies on joint course of action to address ongoing or emerging
global challenges; and (iii) it advises interested Governments on the ways and means of translating policy
frameworks developed in United Nations conferences and summits into programmes at the country level
and, through technical assistance, helps build national capacities.
Disclaimers
The terms ‘country’ and ‘economy’ as used in this Report refer, as appropriate, to territories or areas; the
designations employed and the presentation of the material do not imply the expression of any opinion
whatsoever on the part of the Secretariat of the United Nations concerning the legal status of any country,
territory, city or area or of its authorities, or concerning the delimitation of its frontiers or boundaries. In
addition, the designations of country groups are intended solely for statistical or analytical convenience
and do not express a judgement about the stage of development reached by a particular country or area
in the development process. Reference to companies and their activities should not be construed as an
endorsement by the United Nations of those companies or their activities.
Information on uniform resource locators and links to websites contained in the present publication are
provided for the convenience of the reader and are correct as of the time of writing. The United Nations takes
no responsibility for the continued accuracy of that information or for the content of any external website.
The views expressed in this publication are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect those of
the United Nations or its senior management, or of the experts whose contributions are acknowledged
Copyright © United Nations, 2024
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in retrieval system or transmitted, in any
form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without prior permission.
ST/ESA/PAD/SER.E/218
Sales no: E.24.II.H.1
PRINT ISBN: 9789210032667
PDF ISBN: 9789211067286
EPUB ISBN: 9789211067293
Print ISSN: 2411-8257
Online ISSN (eISSN): 2411-829X
United Nations E-Government Surveys:
2024 Accelerating Digital Transformation for Sustainable Development
2022 The Future of Digital Government
2020 Digital Government in the Decade of Action for Sustainable Development
2018 Gearing E-Government to support transformation towards sustainable and resilient societies
2016 E-Government for Sustainable Development
2014 E-Government for the Future We Want
2012 E-Government for the People
2010	Leveraging E-Government at a Time of Financial and Economic Crisis
2008 From E-Government to Connected Governance
2005 From E-Government to E-Inclusion
2004 Towards Access for Opportunity
2003 World Public Sector Report: E-Government at the Crossroads
2001 Benchmarking E-Government: A Global Perspective
Website: publicadministration.un.org/egovkb/en-us/
Layout: Clung Wicha Press Co., Ltd., Thailand
Cover Design: Division for Public Institutions and Digital Government, UN DESA
Photo credit: shutterstock.com
Printed at the United Nations, New York

                                                                                                                        iii
     2024 UN E-Government Survey




     Contents
     Technical Appendix
     1.      Introduction                                                                                            1
             1.1   Preparatory process for the 2024 E-Government Survey                                              2
     2.      E-Government Development Index: an overview                                                             2
     3.      Online Services Index                                                                                   4
     4.      E-Participation Index                                                                                   6
     5.      Telecommunications Infrastructure Index                                                                 7
     6.      Human Capital Index                                                                                     9
     7.      Member States Questionnaire                                                                            11
     8. 	Local Online Services Index                                                                                11
             8.1   What has changed in the 2024 LOSI?                                                               12
             8.2	LOSI assessment methodology                                                                        12
             8.3	LOSI Network                                                                                       13
     9. 	Local Government Questionnaire                                                                             13
     10.     E-Government Survey process workflow                                                                   14
             10.1 Volunteer training and data collection phase                                                      14
             10.2 Discrepancy review phase                                                                          14
             10.3 Data quality assurance                                                                            15
             10.4 Data analysis                                                                                     16
     11. 	Challenges in reviewing the online presence of national and local governments                             16
             11.1 Methodology limitations                                                                           16
             11.2 Multiple channels for public services delivery and the rapid evolution of digital technologies    17
             11.3 Measuring e-participation                                                                         18
     12.     EGDI 2024 Datasets                                                                                     19
     13.     Past editions of the United Nations E-Government Survey                                                79
     14.     Pilot research projects                                                                                85
             14.1 Open Government Data Index                                                                        85
             14.2	Complex Network Analysis                                                                          90
             14.3	Complex network analysis: additional information                                                  96
     15.     Addendum on Artificial Intelligence                                                                   109
     16.	List of UN online research volunteers, responding countries and cities to MSQ and LGQ                     112



     List of boxes

     Box 1            Affordability subindices within the TII                                                        8
     Box 2            E-government literacy                                                                         10
     Box 3 	List of the criteria adopted for data QA                                                                15
     Box 4            Distribution of 2024 E-government Development Index (EGDI) in 2022 clusters                   93




iv
Contents                  (continued)


List of tables

Table 1	LOSI subindices                                                                                    12
Table 2      Regional groupings for E-Government Development Index (EGDI) and E-Participation              19
             Table 2.1    E-Government Development Index (EGDI) and E-Participation for Africa region      20
             Table 2.2    E-Government Development Index (EGDI) and E-Participation for Americas region    22
             Table 2.3    E-Government Development Index (EGDI) and E-Participation for Asia region        24
             Table 2.4    E-Government Development Index (EGDI) and E-Participation for Europe region      26
             Table 2.5    E-Government Development Index (EGDI) and E-Participation for Oceania region     28
Table 3      Economic groupings for E-Government Development Index (EGDI) and E-Participation              29
Table 4      E-Government Development Index (EGDI) of Least Developed Countries (LDCs)                     30
Table 5      E-Government Development Index (EGDI) of Landlocked Developing Countries (LLDCs)              32
Table 6      E-Government Development Index (EGDI) of Small Island Developing States (SIDS)                34
Table 7      Online Service Index (OSI) and its components                                                 36
Table 8      Online Service Index (OSI) features accessed                                                  44
Table 9      E-participation Index and its components                                                      46
Table 10     Human Capital Index (HCI) and its components                                                  54
Table 11     Telecommunications Infrastructure Index (TII) and its components                              61
Table 12	Local Online Service Index and its components                                                     70
Table 13	Local Online Service Index (OSI) Features accessed in E-government Survey 2024                    78
Table 14     Past editions of the United Nations E-Government Survey                                       79
Table 15     Open Government Data Index (OGDI)                                                             86
Table 16	List of the 278 selected Sustainable Development Goals used to build the Member States 		
          similarity network                                                                      96
Table 17     Most and least similar states in the complex network built from selected indicators, 			
             with the related Pearson correlation values                                             104
Table 18     Selected list of United Nations Artificial Intelligence initiatives                          109
Table 19	List of online researchers                                                                       112
Table 20     Responding countries to Member States Questionnaire (MSQ)                                    114
Table 21     Responding cities to Local Government Questionnaire (LGQ)                                    115




List of figures

Figure 1     The three components of the E-Government Development Index (EGDI)                             3
Figure 2     EGDI rating classes                                                                           4
Figure 3     The five subindices of the Online Services Index                                              5
Figure 4     E-participation framework                                                                     6
Figure 5     The four subindices of the Telecommunications Infrastructure Index                            8
Figure 6     The five subindices of the Human Capital Index                                               10
Figure 7     Scheme representing the workflow of the complex network analysis, and map representing 		
             grouping of countries into four development clusters                                         92
Figure 8     The list of countries grouped by development clusters according to the 2024 EGDI study       95




                                                                                                                v
     2024 UN E-Government Survey




vi
                                                                                                              Technical

                                                                                                              Appendix


Technical Appendix
Explore the interactive United Nations E-government Knowledgebase (UNeGovKB) to review,
organize and print information from the United Nations E-Government Survey. The link can be used
to download copies of all Surveys, from 2001 up to the most recent 2024 edition. Use the link or QR
code to access the online interactive Knowledgebase.

                             https://publicadministration.un.org/egovkb




1. Introduction
The United Nations E-Government Survey 2024 marks the 13th edition of the United Nations’
comprehensive evaluation of the digital government landscape across all 193 Member States.
Building on over two decades of research, this Survey ranks countries using the United Nations
E-Government Development Index (EGDI), which combines primary data from the United Nations
Department of Economic and Social Affairs with secondary data from other UN agencies.

This edition delves into global and regional digital government trends, emphasizing the accelerated
digital transformation in the post-pandemic era. It introduces the new Digital Government Model
Framework, offering a methodological guide for planning and evaluating digital government
initiatives. Additionally, the Survey includes an assessment of local e-government development
through the United Nations Local Online Service Index (LOSI) and explores the integration of artificial
intelligence (AI) in e-government.

Instead of the extensive annexes featured in previous editions, the 2024 Survey is accompanied by a
separate technical appendix. The 2024 United Nations E-Government Survey appendix provides the
datasets of a comprehensive evaluation of digital government across Member States, detailing the
preparatory process, the key indices that constitute the E-Government Development Index (EGDI),
and the methodologies used. The appendix covers the Online Services Index, Telecommunications
Infrastructure Index, Human Capital Index, and E-Participation Index, alongside a deep dive into
the Local Online Services Index (LOSI), including its updated methodology and changes in 2024.
The process workflow highlights volunteer training, data collection, and quality assurance. The
appendix also addresses challenges such as methodology limitations, the rapid evolution of digital
technologies, and declining Member States’ response rates.

Additionally, it includes insights from a pilot study on Open Government Data and explores Complex
Network Analysis.




                                                                            Technical Appendix
                                                                                                          1
Technical

Appendix
                2024 UN E-Government Survey



                1.1 Preparatory process for the 2024 E-Government Survey
                The preparations for the 2024 Survey included two expert group meetings during which participants
                exchanged views, endeavoured to ensure the alignment of the Survey with current trends and the
                2030 Agenda, offered key recommendations highlighting the connections between the United
                Nations E-Government Development Index (EGDI) and the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs),
                reevaluated the weights assigned to EGDI components and subindices, and proposed new subindices
                relating to connection quality, cost and e-government literacy.

                The meeting participants also reviewed the methodology for the Local Online Services Index (LOSI),
                offering suggestions on how to capture national-level services and unique local characteristics. It was
                proposed that a road map be produced outlining short-, medium-, and long-term methodological
                changes, including pilot projects and partnerships. The meeting underscored the necessity for
                continuous improvement to ensure that the Survey remains a relevant tool for assessing progress in
                digital government development.

                2. E-Government Development Index: an overview
                The EGDI is a composite measure that assesses a country’s readiness, capacity and progress in using
                e-government for the provision of public services. It has become an essential tool for benchmarking
                the development of e-government services worldwide.

                The EGDI incorporates three key dimensions or components, each represented by its own index; the
                Online Services Index (OSI) evaluates the scope and quality of online services; the Telecommunications
                Infrastructure Index (TII) quantifies the development status of the telecommunications infrastructure,
                and the Human Capital Index (HCI) measures the development of human capital.

                The EGDI is calculated as the equally weighted average of the normalized values of these three
                indices, and each index can be independently extracted and analysed to provide a more detailed
                understanding of a country’s e-government development in specific areas.

                                     EGDI = 1 (OSInoramalized + TIInormalized + HCInormalized
                                            3
                Before the three component indicators are normalized, each one undergoes a Z-score standardization
                procedure.

                This step ensures that the overall EGDI is equally influenced by the three component indices,
                meaning that each index has a comparable variance after Z-score standardization. Without this
                standardization function, the EGDI would primarily be determined by the component index with
                the greatest dispersion. By applying Z-score standardization, the arithmetic average sum becomes a
                reliable statistical indicator, where “equal weights” genuinely represent “equal importance” in the
                calculation of the final EGDI value.

                This process guarantees that the three components – online services, telecommunications
                infrastructure, and human capital – contribute equally to the overall assessment of a country’s
                e-government development.




            2
                                                                                                                           Technical

                                                                                                                           Appendix

Figure 1        The three components of the E-Government Development Index (EGDI)




                                                                       Online Services Index (OSI)
                                                                       Telecommunications Infrastructure Index (TII)
                                                                       Human Capital Index (HCI)
                         HCI                           OSI
                         1/3                           1/3
                                    EGDI

                                       TII
                                       1/3



The standard Z-score calculation for each component indicator follows this formula:
                                                      𝑥–𝜇
                                              𝑍  = 
                                                       𝜎
where:

           𝑍  represents the standard Z-score for the component indicator

           𝑥 is the raw score that needs to be standardized

           𝜇  denotes the mean (average) of the population

           𝜎 signifies the standard deviation of the population

The composite value of each component index is normalized to fall within the range of 0 to 1, and
the overall EGDI value is calculated by taking the arithmetic average of the three component indices.

Countries are grouped into four levels based on their EGDI values. The inclusive value ranges for
these levels are as follows: very high EGDI values range from 0.7500 to 1.000, high EGDI values
range from 0.5000 to 0.7499, middle EGDI values range from 0.2500 to 0.4999, and low EGDI
values range from 0.0000 to 0.2499. References to these ranges in the E-Government Survey are
rounded for the sake of clarity.

To provide a more nuanced analysis of performance within each EGDI level, these groups are further
divided into four distinct rating classes. The rating classes within the respective EGDI levels are
sequentially classified in descending order, as follows:

  VH, V3, V2 and V1 for the very high EGDI group
  HV, H3, H2 and H1 for the high EGDI group
  MH, M3, M2 and M1 for the middle EGDI group and
	LM, L3, L2 L1 for the low EGDI group (see figure A2).




                                                                                                                       3
Technical

Appendix
                            2024 UN E-Government Survey


            Figure 2    EGDI rating classes




                            {                                                                              {
                                                                          VH                         1.00
                                                                           V3
                                   Very high EDGI                          V2

                                                                          V1
                                                                                                       0.75
                                                                          HV
                                                                           H3
                                       High EDGI
                                                                           H2
                                                                                                                     EGDI
                       EGDI                                               H1
                                                                                                       0.50
                                                                          MH                                       rating
                       levels
                                     Middle EDGI
                                                                           M3                                       classes
                                                                           M2

                                                                          M1
                                                                          LM
                                                                                                       0.25
                                                                            L3
                                        Low EDGI                            L2
                                                                            L1
                                                                                                      0.00


                            By providing a numerical evaluation and ranking of e-government development, the EGDI serves
                            as a benchmark for the States Members of the United Nations. Although the methodological
                            framework for EGDI has remained consistent throughout the various editions of the United Nations
                            E-Government Survey, each edition has been adapted to reflect the latest trends in e-government
                            strategies, the evolving understanding of best practices in e-government, advancements in
                            technology, and other relevant factors. Furthermore, data collection practices have undergone
                            periodic refinements to ensure that the most accurate and up-to-date information is captured. The
                            EGDI methodology primarily uses the “donor imputation” method, which replaces missing values
                            in a record with corresponding earlier values from a complete and valid record. The EGDI 2024
                            datasets, including specific breakdowns for Regional and Economic Groupings, Least Developed
                            Countries (LDCs), Landlocked Developing Countries (LLDCs), and Small Island Developing States
                            (SIDS), can be found in Section 11 of this appendix.

                            3. Online Services Index
                            The OSI, a proprietary quantitative index developed by UN DESA, evaluates e-government services
                            provision across the 193 Member States. Based on responses to a comprehensive OSI questionnaire
                            about each country’s national government portal and key ministerial websites, this vital metric assesses
                            how Governments leverage digital technologies to enhance e-governance and public engagement.

                            A nuanced scoring system is employed for OSI assessment. For most features, a binary approach is
                            used; readily accessible elements receive a score of 1, while a score of 0 is assigned for absent or
                            inaccessible features. This straightforward method provides a clear, evidence-based snapshot of a
                            country’s online services landscape. However, for questions relating to the ability of users to complete
                            government services transactions, a more detailed scale is applied, with scores ranging from 0 to 2;
                            0 indicates no online service or information, 1 signifies available information but offline transaction
                            completion, and 2 denotes fully online information and transaction capabilities, including payment
                            and document receipt.

                            This refined scoring approach captures the varying degrees of digital services maturity across
                            countries, offering a comprehensive view of e-government development. By evaluating both the
                            presence of online features and the depth of transactional capabilities, the OSI provides a nuanced
                            understanding of how effectively Governments are embracing digital governance to serve their
                            constituents.
            4
                                                                                                                 Technical

                                                                                                                 Appendix

The 2024 E-Government Survey retains the successful OSI calculation introduced in 2022. The OSI
assessment questions are categorized into five discrete thematic areas reflected in five subindices
– institutional framework (IF), services provision (SP), content provision (CP), technology (TEC), and
e-participation (EPI) – with the OSI calculated based on the normalized values for each subindex. This
structure enables a more comprehensive and nuanced evaluation of online services delivery.

The OSI questionnaire, which captures accumulated values, undergoes regular updates to reflect the
dynamic nature of digital government and to measure global advancements in content and services
provision, technology, citizen engagement, and policy and institutional frameworks.

The number of questions (indicators) in the OSI survey increased from 180 in 2022 to 183 in 2024,
reflecting the tool’s evolving complexity. For a comprehensive list of the indicators measured for the
OSI 2024, see section 11 of this appendix.

To ensure OSI 2024 comparability with the 2022 data sets, the weight assigned to each subindex
remains the same as in the previous edition, where it was determined based on the proportion
of assessment questions within the respective thematic areas (see figure 3). By retaining this
methodology, UN DESA underscores its commitment to providing a reliable, adaptable metric for
understanding the evolving landscape of digital government services globally.

Figure 3      The five subindices of the Online Services Index




                                        IF, 10%                          Institutional framework, 10% (IF)

                                                                         Services provision, 45% (SP)
                  EPI, 35%
                                                                         Content provision, 5% (CP)

                                   OSI                                   Technology, 5% (TEC)
                                                   SP, 45%
                                                                         E-participation, 35% (EPI)

                      TEC, 5%
                          CP, 5%




The calculation of the OSI maintains its foundation in normalized values for each subindex, employing
consistent standardization and normalization processes. This approach ensures comparability across
successive Surveys while also accommodating refinements that reflect the evolving digital governance
landscape.

Specifically, the scores for questions within each of the five categories (IF, SP, CP, TEC and EPI) are
tallied, and Z-scores are generated for each category and assessed country using the following
formula:
                                                   (X–Mean(X))
                                     Z-score X =
                                                    ST.DEV(X)

where X represents the respective category. The resulting values are a series of standardized subindices
reflecting online services provision across the primary thematic dimensions.


                                                                                                             5
Technical

Appendix
                                   2024 UN E-Government Survey


                                   The overall total score for a given country then becomes the sum of the normalized and weighted
                                   scores for each of the five subindices:

                                     OSIcountry(i)total score = (CPZ-score * CPweight) + (EPIZ-score * EPIweight) + (IFZ-score * IFweight) +
                                                  (SPZ-score * SPweight) + (TECZ-score * TECweight) + (CPZ-score * CPweight)

                                   In the final step of the process, the weighted actual scores for each country are normalized, yielding
                                   each assessed country an OSI value between 0 and 1 according to the following formula:

                                                                                              Actual total score-Lowest total score
                                   Online Services Index (Country “X”) =
                                                                                            (Range of total scores for all countries)

                                   where the online index value for a given country is equal to the actual total score less the lowest total
                                   score, divided by the range of total scores for all countries.

                                   A comprehensive list of the features assessed for the 2024 OSI and OSI Datasets are available in
                                   Section 11 of this appendix.

                                   4. E-Participation Index
                                   The EPI, an OSI subindex, is a key part of the EGDI. It evaluates the effectiveness and relevance of
                                   the digital information and services offered by Governments to encourage citizen engagement in
                                   public policy formulation. It is a vital element of e-government assessment that aims to promote
                                   public participation and empowerment using digital tools. As a fundamental aspect of monitoring
                                   e-government development, the EPI consistently assesses how prepared Governments are to “ensure
                                   responsive, inclusive, participatory and representative decision-making at all levels” (SDG target
                                   16.7).

                                   The EPI has been a crucial component of the Survey since 2003 and remains anchored to a
                                   comprehensive framework that employs a three-point scale to differentiate between deliberate
                                   actions taken by the Government in three key areas: the e-information indicator assesses government
                                   efforts to provide the public with information on significant aspects of public life; the e-consultation
                                   indicator evaluates government initiatives aimed at engaging the public in policy matters and/or
                                   services delivery consultations at various stages of the process; and e-decision-making measures
                                   the government commitment to incorporating and reflecting people’s input in decision-making
                                   processes (see figure 4).
            Figure 4        E-participation framework




                                                E-information                             E-Information
                                            Websites, social media                        Enabling participation by providing citizens with public
                                                                                          information and access to information without or upon
                                                                                          demand

                                      Inclusion              Transparency                 E-consultation
                                                                                          Engaging citizens by facilitation contributions to and

                                                   EPI                                    deliberations on public policies and services

                       E-consultation                                                     E-decision-making
                                                                     E-decision-
                       Consultations on draft                          making             Empower citizens through the co-design of policy options
                        policies and digital      Empowerment
                        deliberation forums                     E-voting and enterprise   and co-production of service components and delivery
                                                                   resource planning
                                                                        systems           modalities
                                                                                          Source: 2022 E-government Survey, p.200




                                   Note: This illustration outlines the United Nations E-Government Survey’s three key e-participation elements: e-information,
            6                      e-consultation, and e-decision making. It also showcases the potential outcomes of implementing these concepts and suggests relevant
                                   tools for each aspect.
                                                                                                                  Technical

                                                                                                                  Appendix

To assess these three key areas, the Survey evaluates government portals and websites for the
presence or absence of specific features. These include the integration of participatory budgeting or
similar mechanisms; the availability of open government data in general and for six crucial sectors
closely linked to SDG implementation (education, employment, environment, health, justice, and
social protection); evidence of co-creation or co-production mechanisms for collaborative services
provision; indications that people’s voices are heard in discussions and decision-making processes
related to the formulation and adoption of policies on issues concerning vulnerable populations;
and evidence of online consultations (via e-forums, e-polls, e-questionnaires, or other e-participation
tools) designed to facilitate the engagement of people in vulnerable situations.

As a comparative measure, the EPI allows countries to reflect on where they stand relative to other
countries in the deployment of e-participation mechanisms. The Index does not aim to prescribe
specific practices but rather provides insights into how different countries utilize online tools to foster
interaction between the Government and its citizens, as well as among the people themselves, for
the benefit of all.

It is important to note that the EPI is a qualitative assessment based on the availability and relevance of
participatory services offered on government websites. As such, the comparative ranking of countries
is primarily for illustrative purposes and serves as an indicator of general trends in promoting citizen
engagement.

To calculate the EPI mathematically, the total score for a given country is normalized by subtracting
the lowest total score of any country in the Survey and then dividing the result by the range of total
scores across all countries, as follows:


                                        Total score (Country X) – Lowest total score
E-Participation Index (Country X) =
                                           Highest total score-Lowest total score)

The e-participation ranking of countries is determined by their EPI values using the “standard
competition ranking” method. In this ranking system, countries with identical EPI values receive the
same ranking number, and a gap is left in the ranking numbers. This approach ensures that if two or
more countries tie for a position in the ranking, the positions of all those ranked below them remain
unaffected. Consider a scenario in which country A ranks ahead of B and C, the latter two have the
same EPI value, and all three countries score higher than country D. In this case, country A would
be ranked first, countries B and C would both be ranked second, and country D would be ranked
fourth.

EPI features assessed and datasets are available in Section 11 of this appendix.

5. Telecommunications Infrastructure Index
By assessing the existing information and communications technology (ICT) infrastructure, the TII
plays a vital role in ascertaining a country’s capacity for e-government development, as a strong
infrastructure is essential for delivering digital services and facilitating online interactions between
government and citizens.

The 2024 E-Government Survey has introduced a significant enhancement to the TII, replacing
the fixed broadband subscriptions indicator with a new affordability indicator to complement
the three existing subindices (estimated number of Internet users per 100 inhabitants, number of
mobile subscriptions per 100 inhabitants, and number of wireless broadband subscriptions per 100
inhabitants).




                                                                                                              7
Technical

Appendix
                           2024 UN E-Government Survey


                           This replacement was necessary due to the increasing difficulty in collecting reliable data on
                           fixed broadband subscriptions from Member States. The new affordability indicator allows for a
                           more accurate assessment of how easily citizens can financially access ICT services, particularly in
                           relation to their income levels. This improvement was made possible by the recent release from the
                           International Telecommunication Union (ITU) of a comprehensive data set of indicators that measure
                           affordability for all Member States. The change also aligns with past recommendations from expert
                           group meetings and Member States.

                           Methodologically, affordability was integrated into the TII as a composite of two subindices, mobile
                           broadband data and voice high-consumption basket price and fixed-broadband Internet basket
                           price, expressed as a percentage of gross national income (GNI) for each Member State (see box 1).


                Box 1   Affordability subindices within the TII


                               • Mobile broadband data and voice high-consumption basket price as a percentage of gross
                                 national income (GNI) per capita. This basket refers to the cheapest mobile broadband
                                 plan (and add-on) providing at least 2 GB of monthly data using at least 3G technology,
                                 140 minutes of voice, and 70 SMS messages.

                               • Fixed-broadband Internet basket price as a percentage of GNI per capita. Fixed-broadband
                                 (wired) Internet traffic is traffic generated by fixed-broadband subscribers and measured
                                 at the end-user access point. Such traffic should be measured by tallying up download
                                 and upload traffic; this should exclude wholesale traffic, walled garden, Internet Protocol
                                 television (IPTV) and cable TV traffic. The indicator is calculated by dividing fixed-broadband
                                 Internet traffic by total fixed-broadband subscriptions.
                           Source: ITU, Measuring Digital Development: ICT Development Index 2024 (Geneva, 2024). p. 37, available at https://www.itu.int/
                           dms_pub/itu-d/opb/ind/D-IND-ICT_MDD-2024-3-PDF-E.pdf




                           As in past years, the TII is calculated based on the average composite of four equally weighted
                           subindices (see figure 5). The data for all subindices were sourced from ITU on 14 February 2024.



            Figure 5    The four subindices of the Telecommunications Infrastructure Index




                                                                                           Affordability (AF)
                             AM                               AF
                             1/4                              1/4                          Internet users (percentage of population) (IU)

                                                                                           Mobile subscriptions per 100 inhabitants (MS)

                                             TII                                           Active mobile-broadband subscriptions per 100
                                                                                           inhabitants (AM)


                             MS                               IU
                             1/4                              1/4




            8
                                                                                                             Technical

                                                                                                             Appendix

When raw data were processed for the TII, the most recently available data from ITU were used to fill
in any missing values for the subindices. Following the data standardization methods applied in the
previous two E-Government Surveys, a maximum limit of 120 per cent was set for raw data from ITU
on mobile/cellular telephone subscriptions and active mobile broadband subscriptions. Upper and
lower limits were set for the affordability data to facilitate comparison across countries, while the
percentage of Internet users was kept in its original form using the figures provided directly by ITU.
Subsequently, a Z-score was calculated for each subindex. The TII composite value was then derived
by taking the arithmetic mean of the Z-scores for the four subindices, as follows:

                   Telecommunications Infrastructure Index composite value =
        Average (Internet users Zscore + mobile or cellular telephone subscriptions Zscore +
                 active mobile broadband subscriptions Zscore + affordabilty Zscore

The TII value for each country was then computed by normalizing the TII composite value (taking the
composite value for a given country, subtracting the lowest composite value in the same data set,
and dividing by the range of composite values for all countries), as follows:


                                 Composite value (Country X) – Lowest composite value
           TII (Country “X”) =
                                   Highest composite value – Lowest composite value


The TII datasets can be accessed in Section 11 of this appendix.

6. Human Capital Index
The HCI is the EGDI component that reflects the human dimension of e-government, underscoring
the importance of linking digital government systems to the ability of citizens to utilize them.
By assessing literacy rates and other education-related indicators, the HCI gauges a population’s
readiness to engage with and benefit from e-government initiatives.

For the 2024 Survey, the HCI has been significantly enhanced by the addition of a new subindex –
e-government literacy (EGL) – to complement the four existing subindices (see figure 6). The four
subindices from the 2022 Survey, all sourced from UNESCO, include adult literacy rate; combined
primary, secondary and tertiary gross enrolment ratio; expected years of schooling; and average years
of schooling.

The EGL subindex, developed in-house using data from national portal assessments, measures
digital literacy skills, which play a crucial role in the effective implementation and utilization of
e-government services. As Governments continue to digitalize their operations, the ability people
to engage with digital platforms has become increasingly important. EGL goes beyond merely
enabling citizens to access online services; it empowers them to participate more fully in digital
governance, provide feedback, and engage in civic processes online. By assessing digital literacy
levels, Governments can develop tailored digital strategies, identify areas for improvement in user
interface design, and develop targeted digital skills training programmes. The incorporation of this
indicator provides a more comprehensive view of a country’s readiness for and potential to benefit
from digital government initiatives (see box 2).




                                                                                                         9
Technical

Appendix
                            2024 UN E-Government Survey




                 Box 2   E-government literacy


                                • In its 2024 edition, the United Nations E-Government Survey introduces e-government
                                  literacy (EGL) as new area of assessment. As a subindex of the HCI, the EGL measures
                                  the ability of all segments of the population, especially vulnerable groups, to take full
                                  advantage of available e-government services and e-participation opportunities.

                                • The EGL measures the level of e-government literacy within a country by assessing key
                                  features on government portals.

                                • EGL features accessed are:   Internal search mechanism, Online user support, Social
                                  Networking features, Live chat support with a person, Privacy policy, Information on online
                                  services use, Digital identity management, Facilitation of free Internet access, Open data
                                  metadata, User Guidance, Service Personalization, Co-creation and/or Co-production (In
                                  Health, education, social protection, employment, environment and Justice) and Access to
                                  physical spaces.
                            Source: Chapter 1 of the present Survey.




                            With the improved HCI structure, all five subindices contribute equally to the HCI component,
                            allowing for a more even influence of the indicators; this represents a departure from the HCI
                            weighting approach applied in the 2022 E-Government Survey.

            Figure 6     The five subindices of the Human Capital Index




                                                                                            Expected years of schooling (EYS)
                                    EGL                         EYS
                                    1/5                         1/5                         Mean years of schooling (MYS)

                                                                                            Gross enrolment ratio (%) (GER)

                                                                                            Adult literacy (AL)



                            AL
                                                HCI                    MYS
                                                                                            E-government literacy (EGL)


                            1/5                                        1/5


                                                  GER
                                                  1/5



                            The methodology for calculating this component aligns with the approach employed for the other
                            EGDI components, where each of the five subindices are first standardized using the Z-score
                            procedure. Subsequently, the HCI composite value for country X is derived from the arithmetic mean




                                    {
                            of the five subindices, with equal weight assigned to each indicator, as follows:

                                                                 Human Capital Index composite value
                                                                    = 1/5 × Adult literacy rate Zscore
                                                                    + 1/5
                                                           Institutional   × Gross enrollment
                                                                         framework,   10% (IF)ratio Zscore
                                                                    + 1/5 × Estimated years of schooling Zscore
                                                           Services +provision,
                                                                      1/5 × Mean45%  (SP)of schooling Zscore AM
                                                                                   years                                        AF
            10                                                      + 1/5 × E~government literacy Zscore      1/4               1/4
                                                                                                              Technical

                                                                                                              Appendix

The HCI composite value for each country is then normalized by subtracting the lowest composite
value among all countries in the Survey from the country’s composite value, then dividing the result
by the range of composite values across all countries, as follows:

                                         Composite value (Country X) – Lowest composite value
   Human Capital Index (Country X) =
                                           Highest composite value – Lowest composite value

HCI datasets are available in Section 11 of this appendix.

7. Member States Questionnaire
Consistent with previous editions of the Survey, countries were asked through the Member States
Questionnaire (MSQ) to provide the website addresses (URLs) of their national portals as well as
those of various government ministries. The Questionnaire requested information on efforts
supporting e-government development, open government data, e-participation, and the designated
authority responsible for e-government policies. It also included questions relating to institutional
and legal frameworks, strategies, policies, and development plans. Since 2022, 155 Member States
have submitted the MSQ; a total of 110 countries (representing 57 per cent of the United Nations
membership) submitted their responses in 2024.

The 2024 MSQ can be accessed through UN DESA portal at https://publicadministration.un.org/
egovkb

The MSQs provide valuable insights into policy initiatives and implementation details that may not be
immediately apparent from the online portal assessments alone. Robust participation from Member
States in completing and submitting the Questionnaire is essential for ensuring the accuracy and
richness of the EGDI analysis. The comprehensive collection of data enables a thorough and precise
evaluation that reflects the actual progress achieved and challenges faced in the realm of digital
government.

Recent surveys have seen a downward shift in MSQ response patterns. This change in participation
levels affects the depth and breadth of the contextual information available, which is crucial for
ensuring an updated comprehensive analysis of e-government development.

To enhance the accuracy of e-government assessments, it is vital for all Member States to complete
and return the MSQ in a timely manner with all the requested information. This comprehensive data
collection enables DPIDG to perform a thorough and precise evaluation that reflects the genuine
progress achieved and challenges faced in the realm of digital government. Government cooperation
and prompt responses are indispensable for achieving a holistic and reliable assessment of global
e-government development.

The list of responding countries to Member States Questionnaire (MSQ) is available in Table 20 in
section 16 of this appendix.

8. Local Online Services Index
The Local Online Services Index (LOSI) methodology, developed by UN DESA and UNU-EGOV, is
designed to assess the effectiveness of local government portals in the most populous cities of
193 UN Member States. The methodology aims to provide a comprehensive understanding of local
e-government status, support policy development, and improve e-government services at the local
government level. LOSI offers a detailed analysis of how cities are leveraging digital tools to engage
citizens and deliver public services.




                                                                                                         11
Technical

Appendix
                 2024 UN E-Government Survey


                 In addition to assessing current digital infrastructure, the LOSI methodology identifies critical areas for
                 improvement, helping local governments enhance their e-government offerings. By benchmarking
                 the performance of cities, LOSI fosters both competition and collaboration, encouraging local
                 governments to adopt best practices and achieve higher standards in local e-government. The insights
                 gained from these assessments contribute to the global dialogue on effective digital transformation
                 strategies and shape the future direction of local e-government initiatives, ensuring that cities are
                 better equipped to meet the evolving needs of their populations.

                 8.1 What has changed in the 2024 LOSI?
                 The LOSI has undergone some revision to ensure that it continues to provide a comprehensive
                 assessment of local e-government trends. The number of indicators increased from 86 assessed in
                 the previous survey to 95 across six key areas: institutional framework, content provision, services
                 provision, participation and engagement, technology, and newly added subindex e-government
                 literacy (see Table 1).


                 Table 1          LOSI subindices


                                                                        LOSI 2022 indicators        LOSI 2024 indicators
                  Institutional framework                                         8                          5
                  Content provision                                             25                          30
                  Services provision                                            18                          30
                  Participation and engagement                                  17                          10
                  Technology                                                    18                          10
                  E-government literacy                                           -                         10
                  Total                                                         86                          95


                 The addition of e-government literacy aligns the LOSI more closely with the OSI (used to assess
                 national portals), ensuring consistency in evaluating digital government services at both the local
                 and national levels. This allows for more in-depth evaluation, emphasizing the importance of digital
                 skills for citizens using online government services. The assessment now examines critical features of
                 government websites, aligning with global trends towards increased inclusivity and the preservation
                 of high technical and accessibility standards.

                 While the institutional framework dimension remains largely unchanged from 2022, improvements
                 in content and services provision criteria enable a more comprehensive assessment of the online
                 offerings of government agencies. The technology dimension, though streamlined to 10 indicators,
                 continues to focus on key technical aspects such as accessibility, functionality, and adherence to
                 standards. This refined approach keeps pace with global trends towards increased public engagement
                 and digital inclusion, building on 2022 foundations while also introducing new elements to reflect
                 the evolving digital landscape.

                 8.2 LOSI assessment methodology
                 The 40 cities surveyed for the 2018 pilot LOSI and the 100 cities surveyed for the 2020 LOSI were
                 selected based on geographical location and population distribution. All of the world regions were
                 equitably represented; the number of countries selected from each region was based on the share of
                 that region’s population in the global population. For the 2022 E-Government Survey, it was decided
                 that the most populous city, town, municipality or settlement in each of the 193 Member States
                 would be invited to participate in the LOSI assessment process. This methodology has been applied
                 for the 2024 Survey as well. The selection process relies on data from the most recent United Nations


            12
                                                                                                                Technical

                                                                                                                Appendix

Demographic Yearbook and The World’s Cities Data Booklet, focusing on the population of the “city
proper” as the sole criterion. This approach ensures consistency and reproducibility in the research
while also focusing on the largest possible “sample size” in assessing the reach of e-government
services. It is important to note that population figures are used only for city selection and do not
influence the assessment of a city’s performance.

For countries relatively small in population or geography such as Monaco, Singapore or small island
developing states (SIDS), where people often have a single point of access to government services,
the LOSI assessment employs an integrated approach. The methodology evaluates all government
digital services from the perspective of the end-user, reflecting the lived experience of residents who
interact with a single, unified government structure.

The city portals are assessed using the computation method from the previous Survey to ensure
continuity and consistency. The scoring system for each indicator remains binary: a city receives a
1 if the feature is present on its website or a 0 if the feature is absent or not found. Cities can also
earn a point for local access by providing a direct link to the relevant national portal. The final LOSI
value is calculated by dividing the city’s total score to new maximum of 95, yielding a value ranging
from 0 to 1.

Although the number of indicators has increased, the LOSI value ranges remain consistent with
previous editions. Based on their respective values, cities are categorized into four levels or groups –
very high (0.7500 to 1.0000), high (0.5000 to 0.7499), middle (0.2500 to 0.4999), or low (0.0000 to
0.2499). These ranges facilitate the comparison of e-government development levels across different
cities and provide a clear benchmark for progress. Cities within the same LOSI group are considered
to have comparable levels of local e-government development. This classification provides valuable
insights for policymakers, helping them gauge what constitutes good performance and set realistic
targets for short-, medium-, and long-term improvement.

For a comprehensive list of the features assessed for the 2024 LOSI, see Table 13 in Section 11 of
this Appendix.

8.3 LOSI Network
To further extend the reach and impact of LOSI, UN DESA and UNU-EGOV have established
partnerships with various institutions and local governments. These collaborations, formalized
through Memoranda of Understanding (MOUs), enable the application of the LOSI methodology to
multiple cities within individual countries. This approach has significantly expanded the LOSI network,
fostering knowledge sharing and best practices among participating cities. As a result, an increasing
number of urban centers are benefiting from the LOSI methodology, using the insights gained to
enhance their online services and address common challenges in digital governance.

For information on ongoing and completed projects visit the application of LOSI methodology
webpage on UN E-Government Knowledgebase https://publicadministration.un.org/egovkb/en-us/
About/E-Government-at-Local-Level/Application-of-LOSI-methodology-in-countries.

9. Local Government Questionnaire
For the 2024 E-Government Survey, the Local Government Questionnaire (LGQ) was utilized alongside
the LOSI survey to gather supplementary information. Of the 193 most populous cities assessed for
the 2024 LOSI, 51 cities completed the LGQ – a response rate of 26.42 per cent. The LGQ used for
the present Survey can be accessed at https://publicadministration.un.org/egovkb.

The list of responding cities to LGQ is available in Table 21 in section 16 of this appendix.




                                                                                                           13
Technical

Appendix
                 2024 UN E-Government Survey



                 10. E-Government Survey process workflow
                 The OSI values for 2024 were calculated based on evaluations performed by 261 online researchers
                 comprising of 215 new volunteers from the United Nations Volunteers programme, 46 returning
                 volunteers from past Surveys, and others recruited through Department of Public Institutions and
                 Digital Government (DPIDG) outreach. These evaluators hailed from 127 different nations and
                 collectively possessed proficiency in 67 languages. They assessed each country’s national website
                 using the Survey’s Online Services Questionnaire, conducting evaluations in the respective native
                 languages to ensure accuracy. For the full list of online researchers, see table 19 in this appendix.

                 10.1 Volunteer training and data collection phase
                 For the 2024 E-Government Survey, volunteers attended introductory sessions before being assigned
                 two pilot tasks simulating the data collection phase. These tasks included one mock OSI assessment
                 and one mock LOSI assessment of e-government portals. Each volunteer researcher received the
                 same set of pilot assignments to facilitate quality control and ensure consistent training across the
                 cohort. To qualify for the data collection phase, participants had to complete and submit the two
                 mock assessments for review.

                 During the data collection phase, each qualified participant received personalized research
                 assignments tailored to their specific capabilities. These assignments involved conducting OSI and
                 LOSI assessments for one of the 193 United Nations Member States and its most populous city. For
                 each assigned Member State and city, participants conducted independent research into the provision
                 of e-government services. The online presence of each Member State was assessed independently by
                 two researchers proficient in one or more of the official languages of the assessed country.

                 Researchers relied exclusively on government-affiliated sources and were instructed not to share
                 their findings or research with third parties, including government affiliates of the assessed Member
                 States. The aim was to assess and verify the existence of an extensive set of features and online
                 services relevant to e-government development. Researchers assumed the role of targeted users and
                 based their responses on whether the assessed features were readily accessible to the average user.

                 10.2 Discrepancy review phase
                 Following the data collection phase, all submitted assignments underwent a rigorous review process
                 to ensure accuracy and consistency. Initially, the assessment platform conducted an automatic check
                 for discrepancies between the submissions of two volunteers assigned to each country or city. If the
                 discrepancies were below a defined threshold of 20%, the system allowed the two volunteers to
                 dispute and negotiate their findings, working together to reach an agreement. If they could not resolve
                 the differences, the case was escalated to a UN DESA-appointed reviewer for further evaluation. For
                 discrepancies between 20% and 50%, the system automatically flagged the assessment, returning
                 it to both volunteers for reassessment. The volunteers were required to conduct a new evaluation to
                 address and correct the inconsistencies.

                 Discrepancies exceeding 50% resulted in the automatic disqualification of the assessment. These
                 cases were immediately escalated to the assigned UN DESA reviewer, who conducted further research
                 and decided whether to reassign the assessment to a new pair of volunteers or to a different set of
                 assessors.

                 Following the initial review by the UN DESA reviewer, assignments were forwarded to a senior UN
                 DESA reviewer for cross-checking, ensuring a thorough final data quality assurance review before
                 approval. This established approach guaranteed that each assignment was conducted by independent,
                 trained researchers equipped with the necessary language skills and an understanding of the social
                 and political context of the assessed Member State. Internal UN DESA experts in e-government


            14
                                                                                                             Technical

                                                                                                             Appendix

development and online services provision then meticulously reviewed the assignments to prevent
any disparities in the assessment process, the introduction of intentional biases, the submission of
inaccurate information to improve scores, or even potential fraud.

Throughout this process, UN DESA reviewers played a pivotal role by conducting independent
research to verify responses and commissioning additional research from volunteer researchers as
necessary to resolve complex issues and discrepancies. This multi-tiered review system was designed
to ensure the integrity and reliability of the data used in the E-Government Survey.

10.3 Data quality assurance
The quality assurance process (see Box 3) began with checking the consistency of the data against
established historical patterns and group rankings based on the OSI and LOSI values, which measured
the scope and quality of online services. The survey questions were then fine-tuned to stabilize the
data set and ensure alignment with the EGDI data model.

Following the initial calculation of the OSI and LOSI, outliers were subjected to two or more levels
of assessment and supervision. MSQ and LGQ data were utilized for compensation where feasible.
The indices were then recalculated, with detailed analysis conducted on target countries and cities
showing significant changes or improvements.



   Box 3      List of the criteria adopted for data QA


   • Three levels of assessments/review (volunteers, UN DESA reviewer, UN DESA senior reviewer )
   • First check of consistency of data with data patterns (when doable) by group ranking
     (OSI/LOSI – VH, H, M, L)
   • Fine-tuning of OSI/LOSI questions to stabilize data set and ensure consistency with EGDI/LOSI
     data model
   • Second check of consistency of data with data patterns by group ranking (OSI/LOSI – VH, H, M, L)
   • First calculation of OSI/LOSI
   • Three levels of assessment/review of the outliers – compensation using MSQ/LGQ (if doable)
   • Second calculation of OSI/LOSI
   • Investigation and data analysis of target countries/cities (outliers and specific cases with
     significant drop/improvement)
   • Random check of OSI/LOSI subset of questions/URLs – compensation using MSQ/LGQ (if doable)
   • Third calculation of OSI/LOSI
   • Third check of consistency of data with data patterns by group ranking (OSI/LOSI – VH, H, M, L)
   • Check of consistency with other international benchmark reports and third-party sources
     (MSQ/LGQ)
   • Validation of the Dataset for OSI/LOSI
   • Recalculation of OSI (final)
   • Calculation of EGDI/EPI/LOSI
   • Data analysis of target countries (those moving from one group to another)
   • Final calculation of EGDI/EPI/LOSI


                                                                                                        15
Technical

Appendix
                 2024 UN E-Government Survey


                 To further ensure accuracy, a random subset of index questions and URLs were checked, with MSQ
                 and LGQ data used for compensation if needed. A third calculation of the OSI and LOSI followed,
                 along with another consistency check against established data patterns and group rankings.

                 The process also included cross-referencing with international benchmark reports and third-party
                 sources, with MSQ and LGQ data used to ensure consistency and validate discrepancies. Finally,
                 the OSI and LOSI were recalculated one last time, incorporating all quality assurance measures and
                 adjustments.

                 This comprehensive approach, featuring multiple review levels, external source cross-referencing,
                 and the strategic use of MSQ and LGQ data, enhanced the overall robustness and reliability of the
                 E-Government survey findings.

                 10.4 Data analysis
                 Following the rigorous quality assurance process, E-Government Survey data were subjected to in-
                 depth analysis to extract meaningful insights and pinpoint key trends. This comprehensive analysis
                 involved comparative evaluations across countries, cities, regions, and income groups, facilitating the
                 identification of strengths and areas requiring improvement. The analysis also included comparisons
                 with similar digital government indexes such as the Organization for Economic Co-operation and
                 Development Digital Government Index.

                 The analysis extended beyond EGDI and other index-related data. Researchers explored correlations
                 with the SDGs to assess the alignment of e-government initiatives with the broader 2030 Agenda
                 framework, recognizing that digital governance is a critical enabler for achieving those global
                 objectives.

                 This comprehensive approach was crucial as it helped identify potential factors influencing
                 e-government progress in the countries and cities assessed, provided a more holistic view of national
                 and local development, and highlighted areas that might benefit from targeted interventions or
                 policy initiatives.

                 Trend analysis was also a crucial aspect of the data examination, enabling the identification of
                 cities, countries or regions that had made significant progress or experienced setbacks in their
                 e-government development over time. This longitudinal perspective allowed researchers to evaluate
                 the effectiveness of e-government strategies and policies and to assess the impact of global events
                 or technological advancements on e-government adoption and implementation.

                 The analysis encompassed both quantitative and qualitative approaches, combining statistical methods
                 with case studies and expert opinions to provide a well-rounded and nuanced understanding of the
                 e-government landscape. The findings from this analysis are presented in the 2024 E-Government
                 Survey and constitute a valuable resource for policymakers, researchers and stakeholders involved in
                 the advancement of e-government initiatives worldwide.

                 11. Challenges in reviewing the online presence of national and local
                 governments
                 11.1 Methodology limitations
                 The EGDI is a powerful tool for assessing and comparing digital government development across
                 the 193 Member States, providing a valuable snapshot of digital government capabilities at the
                 national level. However, because levels of development, geographical characteristics, population
                 dynamics, geopolitical situations, and other relevant factors vary widely from one country to another,
                 the EGDI methodology has some limitations in terms of capturing certain aspects of e-government
                 development.


            16
                                                                                                                 Technical

                                                                                                                 Appendix

For example, while the EGDI serves as a valuable proxy for assessing digital government development,
it may not fully capture the diverse digital advancements occurring at the State level in large
countries with federal systems. In those countries, State governments play a significant role in digital
development and the provision of services, and levels of digital maturity may differ across the States.
When digital governance is decentralized, the federal-level EGDI assessment may not fully reflect the
digital landscape of the entire country.

In some countries, a considerable portion of digital services are set up and provided by the private
sector rather than government agencies. The involvement of private entities in establishing and
delivering services can skew perceptions of digital government development as a process that
primarily falls within the purview of the public sector.

To address these challenges and ensure a comprehensive evaluation, additional resources such
as MSQs and recent articles and publications are increasingly being used to check and confirm
the quality of the results. This multifaceted approach helps provide a more accurate and nuanced
understanding of digital government development worldwide.

Periodically, updates to the methodology introduce changes that could affect the direct comparability
of current assessments with previous assessments. This is important not only because it affects the
measurement of progress, but also because a decline in value or ranking does not necessarily indicate
a decline in performance.

11.2 Multiple channels for public services delivery and the rapid evolution of digital
technologies
In today’s digital landscape, Governments utilize a wide range of channels to connect with citizens
and provide public services, including websites, mobile applications, social media platforms,
messaging apps, digital identification systems, and emerging technologies such as AI chatbots
and IoT devices. This diversity, while beneficial for engagement, presents significant challenges for
the comprehensive assessment of e-government. Each channel comes with unique features and
capabilities, necessitating tailored evaluation criteria and ad hoc approaches for the researchers.

The EGDI methodology has been updated in every edition to better address emerging challenges
and priorities. However, the evolution of digital technologies and the integration of new platforms
and services are occurring so rapidly that the assessment framework may not be able to keep pace
with these developments and accurately measure the most advanced features of digital government.
Consequently, the EGDI may not fully reflect the progress made, especially by countries implementing
initiatives that integrate the newest technologies or approaches to public services delivery. To mitigate
these limitations, indirect assessment methods are also employed. These include analysing (when
available) MSQ-related data and documentation, service usage statistics, and third-party evaluations,
which can provide additional insights into the effectiveness and reach of digital government services.
These methods can offer valuable supplementary policy information and implementation details,
though they may not fully capture the nuanced capabilities and innovative features of the most
cutting-edge digital government platforms.

The EGDI remains a crucial tool for assessing e-government development, but it must continue to
evolve and incorporate new evaluation strategies so that it accurately reflects the dynamic digital
landscape. Ongoing refinement is essential to ensure that the Index provides a holistic and accurate
measure of e-government progress, capturing both established and emerging technologies in its
scope.




                                                                                                            17
Technical

Appendix
                 2024 UN E-Government Survey



                 11.3 Measuring e-participation
                 Assessing engagement on national portals presents unique challenges in e-government evaluation,
                 particularly when web analytics are not part of the assessment methodology. Without access to
                 traditional metrics such as page views or user session data, evaluators must rely on alternative
                 methods to gauge citizen engagement and portal effectiveness.

                 The main challenge lies in accurately determining how well the portal meets people’s needs,
                 facilitates services delivery, and promotes interaction with government entities. Evaluators must
                 focus on observable features, content quality, and the availability of services rather than direct user
                 interaction data. Additionally, with the diverse range of services offered through these portals – from
                 information provision to complex application processes – engagement potential can vary significantly
                 across different sections of the site.




            18
     12. EGDI 2024 Datasets
     Table 2        Regional groupings for E-Government Development Index (EGDI) and E-Participation


                                                                                               Telecommunications
     Regional/Grouping                   EGDI Group       EGDI          Online Service Index                          Human Capital Index   E-Partcipation Index
                                                                                               Infrastructure Index
     Africa                              Middle EGDI     0.4247               0.3861                 0.4534                 0.4345                0.2973
     Americas                             High EGDI      0.6701               0.5797                 0.7344                 0.6961                0.4735
     Asia                                 High EGDI      0.6989               0.6400                 0.7739                 0.6828                0.5403
     Europe                             Very High EGDI   0.8493               0.7835                 0.9226                 0.8417                0.7247
     Oceania                              High EGDI      0.5288               0.4377                 0.4885                 0.6603                0.3747
     World                               High EGDI       0.6382               0.5754                 0.6896                 0.6496                0.4893


     Small Island Developing States       High EGDI      0.5412               0.4075                 0.5931                 0.6229                0.3080
     Land Locked Developing Countries     High EGDI      0.5159               0.4910                 0.5377                 0.5190                0.3999
     Least Developed Countries           Middle EGDI     0.3547               0.3321                 0.3539                 0.3781                0.2620




19




                                                                                                                                                                   Technical
                                                                                                                                                                   Appendix
                                                                                                                                                                     Technical
                                                                                                                                                                     Appendix




20




     Table 2.1        E-Government Development Index (EGDI) and E-Participation for Africa region


      Country                             Sub-Region       EDGI Group    Rating Class   Rank   EGDI 2024    OSI       TII     HCI      EPI       "Level of Income"
      Algeria                            Northern Africa    High EGDI        H2         116     0.5956     0.3320   0.8129   0.6418   0.0548           LMC
      Angola                              Middle Africa    Middle EGDI       M3         156     0.4149     0.3962   0.3724   0.4760   0.2192           LMC
      Benin                              Western Africa    Middle EGDI       MH         146     0.4578     0.5202   0.4817   0.3715   0.3699           LMC
      Botswana                           Southern Africa    High EGDI        H2         112     0.6118     0.3985   0.8649   0.5719    0.274           UMC
                                                                                                                                                                       2024 UN E-Government Survey


      Burkina Faso                       Western Africa    Middle EGDI       M1         175     0.2895     0.3376   0.3640   0.1668   0.2192            LIC
      Burundi                            Eastern Africa     Low EGDI         LM         183     0.2480     0.3146   0.0330   0.3965   0.2192            LIC
      Cabo Verde                         Western Africa     High EGDI        H2         111     0.6238     0.6892   0.6128   0.5694   0.5479           LMC
      Cameroon                            Middle Africa    Middle EGDI       M3         155     0.4294     0.3988   0.3700   0.5193   0.4247           LMC
      Central African Republic            Middle Africa     Low EGDI         L1         193     0.0947     0.1128   0.0000   0.1713   0.0822            LIC
      Chad                                Middle Africa     Low EGDI         L2         189     0.1785     0.2674   0.1194   0.1488   0.3151            LIC
      Comoros                            Eastern Africa    Middle EGDI       M1         180     0.2586     0.0230   0.3537   0.3992          0         LMC
      Congo                               Middle Africa    Middle EGDI       M2         166     0.3391     0.2760   0.2776   0.4637   0.0822           LMC
      Côte d'Ivoire                      Western Africa     High EGDI        H1         124     0.5587     0.5219   0.6693   0.4848    0.589           LMC
      Democratic Republic of the Congo    Middle Africa    Middle EGDI       M1         179     0.2715     0.2067   0.1591   0.4487   0.2466            LIC
      Djibouti                           Eastern Africa    Middle EGDI       M1         174     0.2911     0.2092   0.3840   0.2800   0.0959           LMC
      Egypt                              Northern Africa    High EGDI        H3          95     0.6699     0.7002   0.6946   0.6150    0.589           LMC
      Equatorial Guinea                   Middle Africa    Middle EGDI       M1         176     0.2855     0.1932   0.2532   0.4102   0.2329           UMC
      Eritrea                            Eastern Africa     Low EGDI         L2         190     0.1576     0.0000   0.1405   0.3324   0.0137            LIC
      Eswatini                           Southern Africa    High EGDI        H2         113     0.6081     0.4557   0.7851   0.5836   0.3836           LMC
      Ethiopia                           Eastern Africa    Middle EGDI       M2         169     0.3111     0.3420   0.2659   0.3254   0.1644            LIC
      Gabon                               Middle Africa     High EGDI        H2         121     0.5741     0.3187   0.8263   0.5772   0.1233           UMC
      Gambia                             Western Africa    Middle EGDI       M1         181     0.2552     0.0955   0.3877   0.2823   0.1781            LIC
      Ghana                              Western Africa     High EGDI        H2         108     0.6317     0.6084   0.7281   0.5586   0.5342           LMC
      Guinea                             Western Africa    Middle EGDI       M2         160     0.4006     0.4808   0.4323   0.2887   0.5068           LMC
      Guinea-Bissau                      Western Africa    Middle EGDI       M2         170     0.3083     0.1270   0.4902   0.3077   0.2192            LIC
      Kenya                              Eastern Africa     High EGDI        H2         109     0.6314     0.7770   0.5901   0.5271   0.5205           LMC
      Lesotho                            Southern Africa   Middle EGDI       M3         157     0.4123     0.2864   0.4643   0.4862   0.2055           LMC
     Table 2.1 (continued)


      Country                        Sub-Region        EDGI Group      Rating Class   Rank   EGDI 2024    OSI       TII     HCI      EPI     "Level of Income"
      Liberia                       Western Africa     Middle EGDI         M1         182     0.2513     0.2633   0.1238   0.3669   0.1644          LIC
      Libya                         Northern Africa     High EGDI          H1         125     0.5466     0.0808   0.9639   0.5951   0.0137         UMC
      Madagascar                    Eastern Africa     Middle EGDI         M2         168     0.3235     0.4045   0.1518   0.4141   0.3014          LIC
      Malawi                        Eastern Africa     Middle EGDI         M2         163     0.3753     0.4625   0.1886   0.4749   0.4521          LIC
      Mali                          Western Africa     Middle EGDI         M1         173     0.3005     0.3334   0.4432   0.1250    0.274          LIC
      Mauritania                    Western Africa     Middle EGDI         M2         165     0.3491     0.1688   0.5824   0.2961   0.1233         LMC
      Mauritius                     Eastern Africa    Very High EGDI       V1          76     0.7506     0.5903   0.9159   0.7456    0.411         UMC
      Morocco                       Northern Africa     High EGDI          HV          90     0.6841     0.5618   0.8827   0.6078   0.4384         LMC
      Mozambique                    Eastern Africa     Middle EGDI         M1         177     0.2848     0.3959   0.0632   0.3952   0.2055          LIC
      Namibia                       Southern Africa     High EGDI          H2         114     0.6007     0.4996   0.7288   0.5738    0.274         UMC
      Niger                         Western Africa      Low EGDI           L3         187     0.2116     0.3084   0.1578   0.1685   0.2055          LIC
      Nigeria                       Western Africa     Middle EGDI         MH         144     0.4815     0.5372   0.4836   0.4236   0.3699         LMC
      Rwanda                        Eastern Africa      High EGDI          H2         118     0.5799     0.8207   0.3724   0.5467   0.7534          LIC
      Sao Tome and Principe          Middle Africa     Middle EGDI         M3         154     0.4308     0.2156   0.4839   0.5928   0.1644         LMC
      Senegal                       Western Africa      High EGDI          H1         135     0.5162     0.4779   0.7328   0.3380   0.4247         LMC
      Seychelles                    Eastern Africa      High EGDI          H3          92     0.6773     0.4638   0.8913   0.6769   0.3014         HIC
      Sierra Leone                  Western Africa     Middle EGDI         M1         172     0.3042     0.3823   0.2585   0.2718   0.3288          LIC
      Somalia                       Eastern Africa      Low EGDI           L1         191     0.1468     0.2971   0.1432   0.0000   0.2877          LIC
      South Africa                  Southern Africa   Very High EGDI       V2          40     0.8616     0.8872   0.8951   0.8026   0.8356         UMC
      South Sudan                   Eastern Africa      Low EGDI           L1         192     0.1191     0.1504   0.0547   0.1521   0.1096          LIC
      Sudan                         Northern Africa    Middle EGDI         M1         178     0.2759     0.1293   0.4392   0.2593   0.0685          LIC
      Togo                          Western Africa     Middle EGDI         M2         161     0.3920     0.4472   0.2474   0.4813   0.4521          LIC
      Tunisia                       Northern Africa     High EGDI          HV          87     0.6935     0.5951   0.8357   0.6497   0.4521         LMC
      Uganda                        Eastern Africa     Middle EGDI         M3         150     0.4464     0.6069   0.2299   0.5023   0.4384          LIC
      United Republic of Tanzania   Eastern Africa     Middle EGDI         M3         153     0.4327     0.4791   0.3792   0.4399   0.2877         LMC
      Zambia                        Eastern Africa      High EGDI          H1         130     0.5424     0.4958   0.5088   0.6225    0.411         LMC
      Zimbabwe                      Eastern Africa     Middle EGDI         M3         149     0.4481     0.4100   0.3947   0.5395    0.274         LMC




21




                                                                                                                                                                 Technical
                                                                                                                                                                 Appendix
                                                                                                                                                                 Technical
                                                                                                                                                                 Appendix




22




     Table 2.2      E-Government Development Index (EGDI) and E-Participation for Americas region


     Country                         Sub-Region        EDGI Group      Rating Class   Rank   EGDI 2024    OSI       TII     HCI      EPI     "Level of Income"
     Antigua and Barbuda              Caribbean         High EGDI          H3         105     0.6428     0.4166   0.7943   0.7176   0.3425         HIC
     Argentina                      South America     Very High EGDI       V2          42     0.8573     0.7965   0.8425   0.9330   0.6301         UMC
     Bahamas                          Caribbean         High EGDI          HV          83     0.7143     0.5402   0.8652   0.7376   0.3151         HIC
     Barbados                         Caribbean         High EGDI          H3          91     0.6815     0.4976   0.7624   0.7845   0.3288         HIC
                                                                                                                                                                   2024 UN E-Government Survey


     Belize                         Central America    Middle EGDI         MH         141     0.4872     0.4054   0.5292   0.5270   0.2329         UMC
     Bolivia                        South America       High EGDI          H3          99     0.6651     0.5987   0.7089   0.6876   0.4247         LMC
     Brazil                         South America     Very High EGDI       V2          50     0.8403     0.9063   0.8068   0.8077    0.863         UMC
     Canada                        Northern America   Very High EGDI       V2          47     0.8452     0.8552   0.8078   0.8725   0.9178         HIC
     Chile                          South America     Very High EGDI       V3          31     0.8827     0.8612   0.9455   0.8413   0.8356         HIC
     Colombia                       South America     Very High EGDI       V1          68     0.7793     0.7521   0.8065   0.7793   0.7397         UMC
     Costa Rica                     Central America   Very High EGDI       V1          61     0.8009     0.7217   0.8933   0.7877    0.726         UMC
     Cuba                             Caribbean        Middle EGDI         MH         139     0.4921     0.2298   0.5318   0.7148   0.9178         UMC
     Dominica                         Caribbean         High EGDI          H1         127     0.5445     0.3798   0.6757   0.5781   0.3014         UMC
     Dominican Republic               Caribbean         High EGDI          HV          85     0.7013     0.6405   0.7444   0.7189   0.6575         UMC
      Ecuador                       South America     Very High EGDI       V1          67     0.7800     0.8851   0.6833   0.7715   0.8767         UMC
      El Salvador                   Central America     High EGDI          H2         115     0.5988      0.509   0.7526   0.5348   0.3836         UMC
      Grenada                         Caribbean         High EGDI          H3         104     0.6458     0.5056   0.6767   0.7550   0.2466         UMC
      Guatemala                     Central America     High EGDI          H2         122     0.5738     0.6538   0.5843   0.4834   0.4658         UMC
      Guyana                        South America       High EGDI          H1         128     0.5443     0.3455   0.6942   0.5933   0.2192         HIC
      Haiti                           Caribbean         Low EGDI           L3         186     0.2116     0.1379   0.2087   0.2883   0.0959         LMC
      Honduras                      Central America    Middle EGDI         MH         142     0.4856     0.4587   0.4799   0.5182   0.3014         LMC
      Jamaica                         Caribbean         High EGDI          H3          96     0.6678     0.5677   0.7296   0.7060   0.4384         UMC
      Mexico                        Central America   Very High EGDI       V1          65     0.7850     0.7637    0.831   0.7603   0.7397         UMC
      Nicaragua                     Central America     High EGDI          H1         132     0.5318     0.4493   0.5851   0.5610   0.2329         LMC
      Panama                        Central America     High EGDI          HV          79     0.7298     0.6505   0.8523   0.6866   0.5205         HIC
      Paraguay                      South America       High EGDI          HV          80     0.7251     0.6712   0.7947   0.7093   0.6027         UMC
     Table 2.2 (continued)


      Country                               Sub-Region        EDGI Group      Rating Class   Rank   EGDI 2024    OSI       TII     HCI      EPI     "Level of Income"
      Peru                                 South America     Very High EGDI       V1         58      0.8070     0.8377   0.8364   0.7469   0.7534         UMC
      Saint Kitts and Nevis                  Caribbean         High EGDI          H2         110     0.6305     0.3039   0.8675   0.7202   0.2055         HIC
      Saint Lucia                            Caribbean         High EGDI          H1         133     0.5255     0.3229   0.6498   0.6037    0.137         UMC
      Saint Vincent and the Grenadines       Caribbean         High EGDI          H2         117     0.5876     0.3906   0.6767   0.6956   0.3425         UMC
      Suriname                             South America       High EGDI          H3         106     0.6365     0.4814   0.8714   0.5568   0.2877         UMC
      Trinidad and Tobago                    Caribbean         High EGDI          HV          86     0.6973     0.5999   0.7745   0.7174   0.3288         HIC
      United States of America            Northern America   Very High EGDI       V3          19     0.9194     0.9136   0.9605   0.8842   0.9452         HIC
      Uruguay                              South America     Very High EGDI       V3          25     0.9006     0.8832   0.9437   0.8749    0.863         HIC
      Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of    South America       High EGDI          H1         131     0.5360     0.3576    0.539   0.7115   0.2192         LMC




23




                                                                                                                                                                        Technical
                                                                                                                                                                        Appendix
                                                                                                                                                                               Technical
                                                                                                                                                                               Appendix




24




     Table 2.3       E-Government Development Index (EGDI) and E-Participation for Asia region


     Country                                    Sub-Region         EDGI Group      Rating Class   Rank   EGDI 2024    OSI       TII     HCI      EPI       "Level of Income"
     Afghanistan                               Southern Asia        Low EGDI           L2         188     0.2083     0.1438   0.2167   0.2643   0.1096            LIC
     Armenia                                   Western Asia       Very High EGDI       V2          48     0.8422     0.7922   0.8782   0.8561   0.8493           UMC
     Azerbaijan                                Western Asia       Very High EGDI       V1          74     0.7607     0.7386   0.8203   0.7233   0.4932           UMC
     Bahrain                                   Western Asia       Very High EGDI       VH          18     0.9196      0.903   0.9877   0.8680   0.9041           HIC
                                                                                                                                                                                 2024 UN E-Government Survey


     Bangladesh                                Southern Asia        High EGDI          H3         100     0.6570     0.7374   0.6501   0.5834   0.6164           LMC
     Bhutan                                    Southern Asia        High EGDI          H3         103     0.6511     0.5886   0.8169   0.5478   0.4932           LMC
     Brunei Darussalam                       South-Eastern Asia   Very High EGDI       V1          75     0.7554     0.5802   0.9868   0.6991   0.4658           HIC
     Cambodia                                South-Eastern Asia     High EGDI          H2         120     0.5754     0.4503   0.7609   0.5149   0.3151           LMC
     China                                      Eastern Asia      Very High EGDI       V3          35     0.8718     0.9258   0.8995   0.7902   0.9315           UMC
     Cyprus                                    Western Asia       Very High EGDI       V2          38     0.8619     0.8217   0.8941   0.8698   0.0548           HIC
     Democratic People's Republic of Korea      Eastern Asia        Low EGDI           L3         184     0.2320     0.0291   0.1745   0.4924          0          LIC
     Georgia                                   Western Asia       Very High EGDI       V1          69     0.7792     0.5652   0.9071   0.8654   0.5616           UMC
     India                                     Southern Asia        High EGDI          H3          97     0.6678     0.8184     0.57   0.6149   0.6575           LMC
     Indonesia                               South-Eastern Asia   Very High EGDI       V1          64     0.7991     0.8035   0.8645   0.7293   0.7945           UMC
     Iran (Islamic Republic of)                Southern Asia        High EGDI          H3         101     0.6564     0.3773   0.8987   0.6932   0.1781           LMC
     Iraq                                      Western Asia        Middle EGDI         MH         148     0.4572     0.1875   0.6874   0.4967   0.0959           UMC
      Israel                                   Western Asia       Very High EGDI       V3          23     0.9014     0.8541   0.9763   0.8739   0.6986           HIC
      Japan                                     Eastern Asia      Very High EGDI       VH          13     0.9351     0.9427   0.9509   0.9117   0.9863           HIC
      Jordan                                   Western Asia         High EGDI          HV          89     0.6849     0.7591   0.6499   0.6458   0.6164           LMC
      Kazakhstan                                Central Asia      Very High EGDI       V3          24     0.9009      0.939   0.9235   0.8403   0.8493           UMC
      Kuwait                                   Western Asia       Very High EGDI       V1          66     0.7812     0.6365   0.9988   0.7083   0.3014           HIC
      Kyrgyzstan                                Central Asia        High EGDI          HV          78     0.7316     0.6072   0.8815   0.7061   0.4658           LMC
      Lao People's Democratic Republic       South-Eastern Asia    Middle EGDI         M3         152     0.4404     0.3265   0.5338   0.4608   0.2877           LMC
      Lebanon                                  Western Asia         High EGDI          H1         126     0.5449     0.4489   0.6425   0.5433   0.4658           LMC
      Malaysia                               South-Eastern Asia   Very High EGDI       V1          57     0.8111      0.728   0.9862   0.7192   0.6986           UMC
     Table 2.3 (continued)


      Country                   Sub-Region         EDGI Group      Rating Class   Rank   EGDI 2024    OSI         TII        HCI      EPI     "Level of Income"
      Maldives                 Southern Asia        High EGDI          H3         94      0.6745      0.622     0.7886      0.6130   0.4795         UMC
      Mongolia                  Eastern Asia      Very High EGDI       V2         46      0.8457     0.8222     0.9374      0.7775   0.7808         LMC
      Myanmar                South-Eastern Asia     High EGDI          H1         138     0.5001     0.3259     0.6662      0.5081   0.1644         LMC
      Nepal                    Southern Asia        High EGDI          H2         119     0.5781     0.4481     0.7653      0.5210   0.2192         LMC
      Oman                     Western Asia       Very High EGDI       V2          41     0.8576     0.8077     0.9674      0.7977   0.6575         HIC
      Pakistan                 Southern Asia        High EGDI          H1         136     0.5096     0.7042     0.4745      0.3500   0.4932         LMC
      Philippines            South-Eastern Asia   Very High EGDI       V1          73     0.7621     0.8054     0.7554      0.7256    0.726         LMC
      Qatar                    Western Asia       Very High EGDI       V2          53     0.8244     0.7655     0.9963      0.7114   0.4795         HIC
      Republic of Korea         Eastern Asia      Very High EGDI       VH           4     0.9679            1   0.9917      0.9120   0.9726         HIC
      Saudi Arabia             Western Asia       Very High EGDI       VH           6     0.9602     0.9899     0.9841      0.9067   0.9589         HIC
      Singapore              South-Eastern Asia   Very High EGDI       VH           3     0.9691     0.9831     0.9881      0.9362   0.9589         HIC
      Sri Lanka                Southern Asia        High EGDI          H3          98     0.6667     0.5494     0.7936      0.6570    0.411         LMC
      Syrian Arab Republic     Western Asia        Middle EGDI         M2         162     0.3888     0.3068     0.4426      0.4169   0.0685          LIC
      Tajikistan                Central Asia        High EGDI          H1         123     0.5606     0.4476      0.581      0.6531    0.274         LMC
      Thailand               South-Eastern Asia   Very High EGDI       V2          52     0.8351     0.7611      0.941      0.8032   0.7534         UMC
      Timor-Leste            South-Eastern Asia    Middle EGDI         M3         159     0.4020     0.3406     0.3551      0.5104   0.3288         LMC
      Türkiye                  Western Asia       Very High EGDI       V3          27     0.8913     0.9225     0.8322      0.9192    0.863         UMC
      Turkmenistan              Central Asia       Middle EGDI         MH         145     0.4757     0.2506     0.5151      0.6614   0.0411         UMC
      United Arab Emirates     Western Asia       Very High EGDI       VH          11     0.9533     0.9163             1   0.9436   0.7808         HIC
      Uzbekistan                Central Asia      Very High EGDI       V1          63     0.7999     0.7648     0.8769      0.7580   0.6986         LMC
      Viet Nam               South-Eastern Asia   Very High EGDI       V1          71     0.7709     0.7081      0.878      0.7267   0.6027         LMC
      Yemen                    Western Asia         Low EGDI           L3         185     0.2317     0.1377     0.2905      0.2670   0.1507          LIC




25




                                                                                                                                                                  Technical
                                                                                                                                                                  Appendix
                                                                                                                                                                      Technical
                                                                                                                                                                      Appendix




26




     Table 2.4        E-Government Development Index (EGDI) and E-Participation for Europe region


     Country                               Sub-Region       EDGI Group      Rating Class   Rank   EGDI 2024    OSI       TII     HCI      EPI     "Level of Income"
     Albania                             Southern Europe   Very High EGDI       V1         62      0.8000     0.8144   0.7750   0.8106   0.7260         UMC
     Andorra                             Southern Europe     High EGDI          HV         88      0.6893     0.4780   0.9231   0.6668   0.5479         HIC
     Austria                             Western Europe    Very High EGDI       V3         22      0.9065     0.8383   0.9810   0.9003   0.7808         HIC
     Belarus                             Eastern Europe      High EGDI          HV         77      0.7445     0.5760   0.9156   0.7419   0.4932         UMC
                                                                                                                                                                        2024 UN E-Government Survey


     Belgium                             Western Europe    Very High EGDI       V2         56      0.8121     0.7224   0.8698   0.8442   0.5068         HIC
     Bosnia and Herzegovina              Southern Europe     High EGDI          H2         107     0.6329     0.5003   0.7763   0.6222   0.5479         UMC
     Bulgaria                             Eastern Europe   Very High EGDI       V2          55     0.8145     0.7727   0.9171   0.7538   0.6712         UMC
     Croatia                             Southern Europe   Very High EGDI       V3          32     0.8818     0.8735   0.9180   0.8538   0.4110         HIC
     Czechia                              Eastern Europe   Very High EGDI       V2          54     0.8239     0.7006   0.9204   0.8508   0.6986         HIC
     Denmark                             Northern Europe   Very High EGDI       VH           1     0.9847     0.9992   0.9966   0.9584   0.9863         HIC
     Estonia                             Northern Europe   Very High EGDI       VH           2     0.9727     0.9954   0.9731   0.9497   0.9589         HIC
     Finland                             Northern Europe   Very High EGDI       VH           9     0.9575     0.9097   0.9791   0.9836   0.8904         HIC
     France                              Western Europe    Very High EGDI       V3          34     0.8744     0.8440   0.9228   0.8565   0.8082         HIC
     Germany                             Western Europe    Very High EGDI       VH          12     0.9382     0.9238   0.9236   0.9672   0.9726         HIC
     Greece                              Southern Europe   Very High EGDI       V3          36     0.8674     0.8145   0.8657   0.9219   0.6712         HIC
     Hungary                              Eastern Europe   Very High EGDI       V1          59     0.8043     0.7144   0.8282   0.8703   0.5479         HIC
     Iceland                             Northern Europe   Very High EGDI       VH           5     0.9671     0.9076   0.9983   0.9953   0.9589         HIC
     Ireland                             Northern Europe   Very High EGDI       V3          20     0.9138     0.8768   0.9599   0.9046   0.9178         HIC
     Italy                               Southern Europe   Very High EGDI       V2          51     0.8356     0.7624   0.9017   0.8426   0.6575         HIC
      Latvia                             Northern Europe   Very High EGDI       V3          29     0.8852     0.8092   0.9660   0.8805   0.7808         HIC
      Liechtenstein                      Western Europe    Very High EGDI       V2          44     0.8528     0.7416   0.9906   0.8263   0.6575         HIC
      Lithuania                          Northern Europe   Very High EGDI       V3          21     0.9110     0.8839   0.9631   0.8861   0.8356         HIC
      Luxembourg                         Western Europe    Very High EGDI       V2          45     0.8466     0.7555   0.9888   0.7955   0.6301         HIC
      Malta                              Southern Europe   Very High EGDI       V3          28     0.8886     0.8749   0.9747   0.8162   0.7397         HIC
      Monaco                             Western Europe      High EGDI          HV          82     0.7175     0.4838   0.9171   0.7515   0.1507         HIC
     Table 2.4 (continued)


      Country                                Sub-Region        EDGI Group      Rating Class   Rank   EGDI 2024    OSI       TII     HCI      EPI     "Level of Income"
      Montenegro                            Southern Europe     High EGDI          HV         81      0.7211     0.5214   0.9229   0.7190   0.5068         UMC
      Netherlands                           Western Europe    Very High EGDI       VH         10      0.9538     0.9212   0.9715   0.9688   0.9315         HIC
      North Macedonia                       Southern Europe     High EGDI          HV         84      0.7070     0.6642   0.7546   0.7023   0.5753         UMC
      Norway                                Northern Europe   Very High EGDI       VH         15      0.9315     0.9117   0.9654   0.9175   0.8630         HIC
      Poland                                Eastern Europe    Very High EGDI       V3         37      0.8648     0.8037   0.9603   0.8304   0.7534         HIC
      Portugal                              Southern Europe   Very High EGDI       V2         49      0.8415     0.7878   0.8979   0.8389   0.6438         HIC
      Republic of Moldova                   Eastern Europe    Very High EGDI       V1         70      0.7719     0.7264   0.8118   0.7776   0.7260         UMC
      Romania                               Eastern Europe    Very High EGDI       V1         72      0.7636     0.6548   0.8922   0.7439   0.6849         HIC
      Russian Federation                    Eastern Europe    Very High EGDI       V2         43      0.8532     0.7766   0.9512   0.8319   0.6438         UMC
      San Marino                            Southern Europe     High EGDI          H3         102     0.6551     0.3575   0.9491   0.6587   0.1233         HIC
      Serbia                                Southern Europe   Very High EGDI       V2          39     0.8618     0.8540   0.9221   0.8094   0.8904         UMC
      Slovakia                              Eastern Europe    Very High EGDI       V1          60     0.8021     0.7097   0.8985   0.7982   0.6986         HIC
      Slovenia                              Southern Europe   Very High EGDI       V3          33     0.8759     0.8640   0.9107   0.8530   0.7808         HIC
      Spain                                 Southern Europe   Very High EGDI       VH          17     0.9206     0.9054   0.9603   0.8961   0.8082         HIC
      Sweden                                Northern Europe   Very High EGDI       VH          14     0.9326     0.8836   0.9868   0.9275   0.7945         HIC
      Switzerland                           Western Europe    Very High EGDI       V3          26     0.9003     0.8408   0.9576   0.9026   0.8219         HIC
      Ukraine                               Eastern Europe    Very High EGDI       V3          30     0.8841     0.9854   0.8428   0.8240   1.0000         LMC
      United Kingdom of Great Britain and
                                            Northern Europe   Very High EGDI       VH           7     0.9577     0.9535   0.9747   0.9450   0.9726         HIC
      Northern Ireland




27




                                                                                                                                                                         Technical
                                                                                                                                                                         Appendix
                                                                                                                                                                               Technical
                                                                                                                                                                               Appendix




28




     Table 2.5      E-Government Development Index (EGDI) and E-Participation for Oceania region


     Country                                  Sub-Region             EDGI Group      Rating Class   Rank   EGDI 2024    OSI       TII     HCI      EPI     "Level of Income"
     Australia                          Australia and New Zealand   Very High EGDI       VH          8      0.9577     0.9222   0.9509   1.0000   0.8630         HIC
     Fiji                                      Melanesia              High EGDI          H3         93      0.6754     0.5343   0.7507   0.7413   0.3973         UMC
     Kiribati                                  Micronesia            Middle EGDI         MH         147     0.4572     0.3904   0.3544   0.6269   0.3288         LMC
     Marshall Islands                          Micronesia            Middle EGDI         MH         143     0.4823     0.3586   0.3047   0.7836   0.3288         UMC
                                                                                                                                                                                 2024 UN E-Government Survey


     Micronesia (Federated States of)          Micronesia            Middle EGDI         M2         167     0.3235     0.2621   0.1350   0.5735   0.1370         LMC
     Nauru                                     Micronesia            Middle EGDI         M3         151     0.4454     0.2439   0.5863   0.5061   0.2329         HIC
     New Zealand                        Australia and New Zealand   Very High EGDI       VH          16     0.9265     0.9453   0.8728   0.9615   0.9315         HIC
     Palau                                     Micronesia             High EGDI          H1         137     0.5072     0.2787   0.4910   0.7520   0.3014         UMC
     Papua New Guinea                          Melanesia             Middle EGDI         M1         171     0.3076     0.3392   0.1851   0.3984   0.1918         LMC
     Samoa                                      Polynesia            Middle EGDI         MH         140     0.4899     0.3638   0.4606   0.6453   0.3014         LMC
     Solomon Islands                           Melanesia             Middle EGDI         M2         164     0.3681     0.4970   0.1811   0.4262   0.3699         LMC
     Tonga                                      Polynesia             High EGDI          H1         134     0.5164     0.3220   0.4784   0.7488   0.3288         UMC
     Tuvalu                                     Polynesia            Middle EGDI         M3         158     0.4042     0.1944   0.4720   0.5463   0.0685         UMC
     Vanuatu                                   Melanesia              High EGDI          H1         129     0.5427     0.4769   0.6165   0.5347   0.4658         LMC
     Table 3       Economic groupings for E-Government Development Index (EGDI) and E-Participation


                                                                                             Telecommunications
     Levels of Income                EGDI Group          EGDI         Online Service Index                          Human Capital Index   E-Partcipation Index
                                                                                             Infrastructure Index
     High income                    Very High EGDI      0.8326              0.7553                 0.9123                 0.8301                0.6725
     Upper middle income              High EGDI         0.6932              0.5992                 0.7699                 0.7104                0.5216
     Lower middle income              High EGDI         0.5449              0.4934                 0.5881                 0.5533                0.3805
     Low income                      Middle EGDI        0.2764              0.2854                 0.2291                 0.3145                0.2318




29




                                                                                                                                                                 Technical
                                                                                                                                                                 Appendix
                                                                                                                                                                                  Technical
                                                                                                                                                                                  Appendix




30




     Table 4          E-Government Development Index (EGDI) of Least Developed Countries (LDCs)


                                                                                       Rating                      Online       Telecommunications       Human
      Country                            Region        Sub-Region        EGDI Group             Rank    EGDI                                                            EPI
                                                                                       Class                    Service Index   Infrastructure Index   Capital Index
      Afghanistan                          Asia       Southern Asia       Low EGDI       L2     188    0.2083     0.1438               0.2167             0.2643       0.1096
      Angola                              Africa      Middle Africa      Middle EGDI    M3      156    0.4149     0.3962               0.3724             0.4760       0.2192
      Bangladesh                           Asia       Southern Asia       High EGDI     H3      100     0.657     0.7374               0.6501             0.5834       0.6164
                                                                                                                                                                                    2024 UN E-Government Survey


      Benin                               Africa     Western Africa      Middle EGDI    MH      146    0.4578     0.5202               0.4817             0.3715       0.3699
      Bhutan                               Asia       Southern Asia       High EGDI     H3      103    0.6511     0.5886               0.8169             0.5478       0.4932
      Burkina Faso                        Africa     Western Africa      Middle EGDI    M1      175    0.2895     0.3376               0.3640             0.1668       0.2192
      Burundi                             Africa      Eastern Africa      Low EGDI      LM      183     0.248     0.3146               0.0330             0.3965       0.2192
      Cambodia                             Asia     South-Eastern Asia    High EGDI     H2      120    0.5754     0.4503               0.7609             0.5149       0.3151
      Central African Republic            Africa      Middle Africa       Low EGDI       L1     193    0.0947     0.1128               0.0000             0.1713       0.0822
      Chad                                Africa      Middle Africa       Low EGDI       L2     189    0.1785     0.2674               0.1194             0.1488       0.3151
      Comoros                             Africa      Eastern Africa     Middle EGDI    M1      180    0.2586     0.0230               0.3537             0.3992              0
      Democratic Republic of the Congo    Africa      Middle Africa      Middle EGDI    M1      179    0.2715     0.2067               0.1591             0.4487       0.2466
      Djibouti                            Africa      Eastern Africa     Middle EGDI    M1      174    0.2911     0.2092               0.3840             0.2800       0.0959
      Eritrea                             Africa      Eastern Africa      Low EGDI       L2     190    0.1576     0.0000               0.1405             0.3324       0.0137
      Ethiopia                            Africa      Eastern Africa     Middle EGDI    M2      169    0.3111     0.3420               0.2659             0.3254       0.1644
      Gambia                              Africa     Western Africa      Middle EGDI    M1      181    0.2552     0.0955               0.3877             0.2823       0.1781
      Guinea                              Africa     Western Africa      Middle EGDI    M2      160    0.4006     0.4808               0.4323             0.2887       0.5068
      Guinea-Bissau                       Africa     Western Africa      Middle EGDI    M2      170    0.3083     0.1270               0.4902             0.3077       0.2192
      Haiti                              Americas       Caribbean         Low EGDI       L3     186    0.2116     0.1379               0.2087             0.2883       0.0959
      Kiribati                           Oceania       Micronesia        Middle EGDI    MH      147    0.4572     0.3904               0.3544             0.6269       0.3288
      Lao People's Democratic Republic     Asia     South-Eastern Asia   Middle EGDI    M3      152    0.4404     0.3265               0.5338             0.4608       0.2877
      Lesotho                             Africa     Southern Africa     Middle EGDI    M3      157    0.4123     0.2864               0.4643             0.4862       0.2055
      Liberia                             Africa     Western Africa      Middle EGDI    M1      182    0.2513     0.2633               0.1238             0.3669       0.1644
      Madagascar                          Africa      Eastern Africa     Middle EGDI    M2      168    0.3235     0.4045               0.1518             0.4141       0.3014
     Table 4         (continued)


                                                                                 Rating                      Online       Telecommunications       Human
      Country                       Region       Sub-Region        EGDI Group             Rank    EGDI                                                            EPI
                                                                                 Class                    Service Index   Infrastructure Index   Capital Index
      Malawi                        Africa      Eastern Africa     Middle EGDI    M2      163    0.3753     0.4625               0.1886             0.4749       0.4521
      Mali                          Africa     Western Africa      Middle EGDI    M1      173    0.3005     0.3334               0.4432             0.1250        0.274
      Mauritania                    Africa     Western Africa      Middle EGDI    M2      165    0.3491     0.1688               0.5824             0.2961       0.1233
      Mozambique                    Africa      Eastern Africa     Middle EGDI    M1      177    0.2848     0.3959               0.0632             0.3952       0.2055
      Myanmar                        Asia     South-Eastern Asia    High EGDI     H1      138    0.5001     0.3259               0.6662             0.5081       0.1644
      Nepal                          Asia       Southern Asia       High EGDI     H2      119    0.5781     0.4481               0.7653             0.5210       0.2192
      Niger                         Africa     Western Africa       Low EGDI       L3     187    0.2116     0.3084               0.1578             0.1685       0.2055
      Rwanda                        Africa      Eastern Africa      High EGDI     H2      118    0.5799     0.8207               0.3724             0.5467       0.7534
      Sao Tome and Principe         Africa      Middle Africa      Middle EGDI    M3      154    0.4308     0.2156               0.4839             0.5928       0.1644
      Senegal                       Africa     Western Africa       High EGDI     H1      135    0.5162     0.4779               0.7328             0.3380       0.4247
      Sierra Leone                  Africa     Western Africa      Middle EGDI    M1      172    0.3042     0.3823               0.2585             0.2718       0.3288
      Solomon Islands               Oceania       Melanesia        Middle EGDI    M2      164    0.3681     0.4970               0.1811             0.4262       0.3699
      Somalia                       Africa      Eastern Africa      Low EGDI       L1     191    0.1468     0.2971               0.1432             0.0000       0.2877
      South Sudan                   Africa      Eastern Africa      Low EGDI       L1     192    0.1191     0.1504               0.0547             0.1521       0.1096
      Sudan                         Africa     Northern Africa     Middle EGDI    M1      178    0.2759     0.1293               0.4392             0.2593       0.0685
      Timor-Leste                    Asia     South-Eastern Asia   Middle EGDI    M3      159     0.402     0.3406               0.3551             0.5104       0.3288
      Togo                          Africa     Western Africa      Middle EGDI    M2      161     0.392     0.4472               0.2474             0.4813       0.4521
      Tuvalu                        Oceania       Polynesia        Middle EGDI    M3      158    0.4042     0.1944               0.4720             0.5463       0.0685
      Uganda                        Africa      Eastern Africa     Middle EGDI    M3      150    0.4464     0.6069               0.2299             0.5023       0.4384
      United Republic of Tanzania   Africa      Eastern Africa     Middle EGDI    M3      153    0.4327     0.4791               0.3792             0.4399       0.2877
      Yemen                          Asia       Western Asia        Low EGDI       L3     185    0.2317     0.1377               0.2905             0.2670       0.1507
      Zambia                        Africa      Eastern Africa      High EGDI     H1      130    0.5424     0.4958               0.5088             0.6225        0.411




31




                                                                                                                                                                          Technical
                                                                                                                                                                          Appendix
                                                                                                                                                                      Technical
                                                                                                                                                                      Appendix




32




     Table 5        E-Government Development Index (EGDI) of Landlocked Developing Countries (LLDCs)


                                                                                                                  Online                           Human
                                                                                         Rating                             Telecommunications
     Country                            Region       Sub-Region          EGDI Group               Rank   EGDI     Service                          Capital    EPI
                                                                                         Class                              Infrastructure Index
                                                                                                                  Index                            Index
     Afghanistan                          Asia       Southern Asia        Low EGDI         L2     188    0.2083   0.1438          0.2167           0.2643    0.1096
     Armenia                              Asia       Western Asia       Very High EGDI    V2       48    0.8422   0.7922          0.8782           0.8561    0.8493
                                                                                                                                                                        2024 UN E-Government Survey


     Azerbaijan                           Asia       Western Asia       Very High EGDI    V1       74    0.7607   0.7386          0.8203           0.7233    0.4932
     Bhutan                               Asia       Southern Asia        High EGDI       H3      103    0.6511   0.5886          0.8169           0.5478    0.4932
     Bolivia                            Americas    South America         High EGDI       H3       99    0.6651   0.5987          0.7089           0.6876    0.4247
     Botswana                            Africa     Southern Africa       High EGDI       H2      112    0.6118   0.3985          0.8649           0.5719     0.274
     Burkina Faso                        Africa     Western Africa       Middle EGDI      M1      175    0.2895   0.3376            0.364          0.1668    0.2192
     Burundi                             Africa      Eastern Africa       Low EGDI        LM      183     0.248   0.3146            0.033          0.3965    0.2192
     Central African Republic            Africa      Middle Africa        Low EGDI         L1     193    0.0947   0.1128                0          0.1713    0.0822
     Chad                                Africa      Middle Africa        Low EGDI         L2     189    0.1785   0.2674          0.1194           0.1488    0.3151
     Eswatini                            Africa     Southern Africa       High EGDI       H2      113    0.6081   0.4557          0.7851           0.5836    0.3836
     Ethiopia                            Africa      Eastern Africa      Middle EGDI      M2      169    0.3111    0.342          0.2659           0.3254    0.1644
     Kazakhstan                           Asia        Central Asia      Very High EGDI    V3       24    0.9009    0.939          0.9235           0.8403    0.8493
     Kyrgyzstan                           Asia        Central Asia        High EGDI       HV       78    0.7316   0.6072          0.8815           0.7061    0.4658
     Lao People's Democratic Republic     Asia     South-Eastern Asia    Middle EGDI      M3      152    0.4404   0.3265          0.5338           0.4608    0.2877
     Lesotho                             Africa     Southern Africa      Middle EGDI      M3      157    0.4123   0.2864          0.4643           0.4862    0.2055
     Malawi                              Africa      Eastern Africa      Middle EGDI      M2      163    0.3753   0.4625          0.1886           0.4749    0.4521
     Mali                                Africa     Western Africa       Middle EGDI      M1      173    0.3005   0.3334          0.4432            0.125     0.274
     Mongolia                             Asia        Eastern Asia      Very High EGDI    V2       46    0.8457   0.8222          0.9374           0.7775    0.7808
     Nepal                                Asia       Southern Asia        High EGDI       H2      119    0.5781   0.4481          0.7653            0.521    0.2192
     Niger                               Africa     Western Africa        Low EGDI         L3     187    0.2116   0.3084          0.1578           0.1685    0.2055
     North Macedonia                    Europe     Southern Europe        High EGDI       HV       84     0.707   0.6642          0.7546           0.7023    0.5753
     Paraguay                           Americas    South America         High EGDI       HV       80    0.7251   0.6712          0.7947           0.7093    0.6027
     Table 5        (continued)


                                                                                                      Online                           Human
                                                                             Rating                             Telecommunications
     Country                      Region    Sub-Region       EGDI Group               Rank   EGDI     Service                          Capital    EPI
                                                                             Class                              Infrastructure Index
                                                                                                      Index                            Index
     Republic of Moldova          Europe   Eastern Europe   Very High EGDI    V1       70    0.7719   0.7264          0.8118           0.7776     0.726
     Rwanda                       Africa   Eastern Africa     High EGDI       H2      118    0.5799   0.8207          0.3724           0.5467    0.7534
     South Sudan                  Africa   Eastern Africa     Low EGDI         L1     192    0.1191   0.1504          0.0547           0.1521    0.1096
     Tajikistan                    Asia     Central Asia      High EGDI       H1      123    0.5606   0.4476            0.581          0.6531     0.274
     Turkmenistan                  Asia     Central Asia     Middle EGDI      MH      145    0.4757   0.2506          0.5151           0.6614    0.0411
     Uganda                       Africa   Eastern Africa    Middle EGDI      M3      150    0.4464   0.6069          0.2299           0.5023    0.4384
     Uzbekistan                    Asia     Central Asia    Very High EGDI    V1       63    0.7999   0.7648          0.8769            0.758    0.6986
     Zambia                       Africa   Eastern Africa     High EGDI       H1      130    0.5424   0.4958          0.5088           0.6225     0.411




33




                                                                                                                                                          Technical
                                                                                                                                                          Appendix
                                                                                                                                                                      Technical
                                                                                                                                                                      Appendix




34




     Table 6          E-Government Development Index (EGDI) of Small Island Developing States (SIDS)


                                                                                                                Online                           Human
                                                                                       Rating                             Telecommunications
      Country                            Region      Sub-Region        EGDI Group               Rank   EGDI     Service                          Capital    EPI
                                                                                       Class                              Infrastructure Index
                                                                                                                Index                            Index
      Antigua and Barbuda                Americas     Caribbean         High EGDI       H3      105    0.6428   0.4166          0.7943           0.7176    0.3425
      Bahamas                            Americas     Caribbean         High EGDI       HV       83    0.7143   0.5402          0.8652           0.7376    0.3151
                                                                                                                                                                        2024 UN E-Government Survey


      Barbados                           Americas     Caribbean         High EGDI       H3       91    0.6815   0.4976          0.7624           0.7845    0.3288
      Belize                             Americas   Central America    Middle EGDI      MH      141    0.4872   0.4054          0.5292            0.527    0.2329
      Cabo Verde                          Africa    Western Africa      High EGDI       H2      111    0.6238   0.6892          0.6128           0.5694    0.5479
      Comoros                             Africa     Eastern Africa    Middle EGDI      M1      180    0.2586    0.023          0.3537           0.3992           0
      Cuba                               Americas     Caribbean        Middle EGDI      MH      139    0.4921   0.2298          0.5318           0.7148    0.0548
      Dominica                           Americas     Caribbean         High EGDI       H1      127    0.5445   0.3798          0.6757           0.5781    0.3014
      Dominican Republic                 Americas     Caribbean         High EGDI       HV       85    0.7013   0.6405          0.7444           0.7189    0.6575
      Fiji                               Oceania      Melanesia         High EGDI       H3       93    0.6754   0.5343          0.7507           0.7413    0.3973
      Grenada                            Americas     Caribbean         High EGDI       H3      104    0.6458   0.5056          0.6767            0.755    0.2466
      Guinea-Bissau                       Africa    Western Africa     Middle EGDI      M2      170    0.3083    0.127          0.4902           0.3077    0.2192
      Guyana                             Americas   South America       High EGDI       H1      128    0.5443   0.3455          0.6942           0.5933    0.2192
      Haiti                              Americas     Caribbean         Low EGDI         L3     186    0.2116   0.1379          0.2087           0.2883    0.0959
      Jamaica                            Americas     Caribbean         High EGDI       H3       96    0.6678   0.5677          0.7296            0.706    0.4384
      Kiribati                           Oceania      Micronesia       Middle EGDI      MH      147    0.4572   0.3904          0.3544           0.6269    0.3288
      Maldives                             Asia      Southern Asia      High EGDI       H3       94    0.6745    0.622          0.7886            0.613    0.4795
      Marshall Islands                   Oceania      Micronesia       Middle EGDI      MH      143    0.4823   0.3586          0.3047           0.7836    0.3288
      Mauritius                           Africa     Eastern Africa   Very High EGDI    V1       76    0.7506   0.5903          0.9159           0.7456     0.411
      Micronesia (Federated States of)   Oceania      Micronesia       Middle EGDI      M2      167    0.3235   0.2621            0.135          0.5735     0.137
      Nauru                              Oceania      Micronesia       Middle EGDI      M3      151    0.4454   0.2439          0.5863           0.5061    0.2329
      Palau                              Oceania      Micronesia        High EGDI       H1      137    0.5072   0.2787            0.491           0.752    0.3014
      Papua New Guinea                   Oceania      Melanesia        Middle EGDI      M1      171    0.3076   0.3392          0.1851           0.3984    0.1918
     Table 6        (continued)


                                                                                                                  Online                           Human
                                                                                         Rating                             Telecommunications
     Country                            Region        Sub-Region         EGDI Group               Rank   EGDI     Service                          Capital    EPI
                                                                                         Class                              Infrastructure Index
                                                                                                                  Index                            Index
     Saint Kitts and Nevis              Americas       Caribbean          High EGDI       H2      110    0.6305   0.3039          0.8675           0.7202    0.2055
     Saint Lucia                        Americas       Caribbean          High EGDI       H1      133    0.5255   0.3229          0.6498           0.6037     0.137
     Saint Vincent and the Grenadines   Americas       Caribbean          High EGDI       H2      117    0.5876   0.3906          0.6767           0.6956    0.3425
     Samoa                              Oceania        Polynesia         Middle EGDI      MH      140    0.4899   0.3638          0.4606           0.6453    0.3014
     Sao Tome and Principe               Africa      Middle Africa       Middle EGDI      M3      154    0.4308   0.2156          0.4839           0.5928    0.1644
     Seychelles                          Africa      Eastern Africa       High EGDI       H3       92    0.6773   0.4638          0.8913           0.6769    0.3014
     Singapore                            Asia     South-Eastern Asia   Very High EGDI    VH       3     0.9691   0.9831          0.9881           0.9362    0.9589
     Solomon Islands                    Oceania        Melanesia         Middle EGDI      M2      164    0.3681    0.497          0.1811           0.4262    0.3699
     Suriname                           Americas    South America         High EGDI       H3      106    0.6365   0.4814          0.8714           0.5568    0.2877
     Timor-Leste                          Asia     South-Eastern Asia    Middle EGDI      M3      159     0.402   0.3406          0.3551           0.5104    0.3288
     Tonga                              Oceania        Polynesia          High EGDI       H1      134    0.5164    0.322          0.4784           0.7488    0.3288
     Trinidad and Tobago                Americas       Caribbean          High EGDI       HV       86    0.6973   0.5999          0.7745           0.7174    0.3288
     Tuvalu                             Oceania        Polynesia         Middle EGDI      M3      158    0.4042   0.1944            0.472          0.5463    0.0685
     Vanuatu                            Oceania        Melanesia          High EGDI       H1      129    0.5427   0.4769          0.6165           0.5347    0.4658




35




                                                                                                                                                                      Technical
                                                                                                                                                                      Appendix
                                                                                                                                             Technical
                                                                                                                                             Appendix




36




     Table 7       Online Service Index (OSI) and its components


     Country                           OSI Group      OSI 2024       IF       CP       SP      EPI      TEC      EDGI Group      EGDI 2024
     Afghanistan                        Low OSI       0.1438       0.6800   0.1111   0.0482   0.1096   0.1250     Low EGDI        0.2083
     Albania                          Very High OSI   0.8144       0.9200   1.0000   0.8313   0.7260   0.6250   Very High EGDI    0.8000
     Algeria                           Middle OSI     0.3320       0.6800   0.5556   0.4217   0.0548   0.3750     High EGDI       0.5956
     Andorra                           Middle OSI     0.4780       0.7200   0.6667   0.3494   0.5479   0.3750     High EGDI       0.6893
                                                                                                                                               2024 UN E-Government Survey


     Angola                            Middle OSI     0.3962       0.6400   0.6667   0.4217   0.2192   0.5000    Middle EGDI      0.4149
     Antigua and Barbuda               Middle OSI     0.4166       0.6000   0.6667   0.3855   0.3425   0.5000     High EGDI       0.6428
     Argentina                        Very High OSI   0.7965       0.9600   0.7778   0.8434   0.6301   0.8750   Very High EGDI    0.8573
     Armenia                          Very High OSI   0.7922       0.9600   1.0000   0.6506   0.8493   0.8125   Very High EGDI    0.8422
     Australia                        Very High OSI   0.9222       0.9600   0.8889   0.9518   0.8630   0.7500   Very High EGDI    0.9577
     Austria                          Very High OSI   0.8383       0.9600   0.7778   0.8313   0.7808   0.8125   Very High EGDI    0.9065
     Azerbaijan                         High OSI      0.7386       0.8400   1.0000   0.8795   0.4932   0.5000   Very High EGDI    0.7607
     Bahamas                            High OSI      0.5402       0.6800   0.5556   0.6627   0.3151   0.5625     High EGDI       0.7143
     Bahrain                          Very High OSI   0.9030       1.0000   0.8889   0.8313   0.9041   1.0000   Very High EGDI    0.9196
     Bangladesh                         High OSI      0.7374       0.9200   0.6667   0.7470   0.6164   0.8750     High EGDI       0.6570
     Barbados                          Middle OSI     0.4976       0.7200   0.5556   0.5542   0.3288   0.5000     High EGDI       0.6815
     Belarus                            High OSI      0.5760       0.8400   0.6667   0.5301   0.4932   0.6875     High EGDI       0.7445
     Belgium                            High OSI      0.7224       0.9600   0.6667   0.7711   0.5479   0.7500   Very High EGDI    0.8121
     Belize                            Middle OSI     0.4054       0.9200   0.4444   0.4458   0.2329   0.0000    Middle EGDI      0.4872
     Benin                              High OSI      0.5202       0.9200   0.5556   0.5060   0.3699   0.5625    Middle EGDI      0.4578
     Bhutan                             High OSI      0.5886       0.8800   0.7778   0.5422   0.4932   0.6250     High EGDI       0.6511
     Bolivia                            High OSI      0.5987       0.9200   0.6667   0.6265   0.4247   0.5625     High EGDI       0.6651
     Bosnia and Herzegovina             High OSI      0.5003       0.8400   0.5556   0.3855   0.5479   0.3125     High EGDI       0.6329
     Botswana                          Middle OSI     0.3985       0.6800   0.5556   0.4217   0.2740   0.2500     High EGDI       0.6118
     Brazil                           Very High OSI   0.9063       1.0000   1.0000   0.8916   0.8630   0.7500   Very High EGDI    0.8403
     Table 7         (continued)


      Country                                 OSI Group      OSI 2024     IF       CP       SP      EPI      TEC      EDGI Group      EGDI 2024
      Brunei Darussalam                        High OSI      0.5802     0.9200   0.6667   0.5542   0.4658   0.5625   Very High EGDI    0.7554
      Bulgaria                               Very High OSI   0.7727     0.9200   1.0000   0.7711   0.6712   0.6875   Very High EGDI    0.8145
      Burkina Faso                            Middle OSI     0.3376     0.8400   0.3333   0.2892   0.2192   0.3750    Middle EGDI      0.2895
      Burundi                                 Middle OSI     0.3146     0.6800   0.2222   0.2892   0.2192   0.4375     Low EGDI        0.2480
      Cabo Verde                               High OSI      0.6892     0.9200   0.6667   0.7349   0.5479   0.5625     High EGDI       0.6238
      Cambodia                                Middle OSI     0.4503     0.8000   0.7778   0.4096   0.3151   0.5000     High EGDI       0.5754
      Cameroon                                Middle OSI     0.3988     0.7200   0.7778   0.2530   0.4247   0.3750    Middle EGDI      0.4294
     Canada                                  Very High OSI   0.8552     1.0000   0.7778   0.7711   0.9178   0.6875   Very High EGDI    0.8452
     Central African Republic                  Low OSI       0.1128     0.4000   0.2222   0.0602   0.0822   0.1875     Low EGDI        0.0947
     Chad                                     Middle OSI     0.2674     0.7200   0.4444   0.1084   0.3151   0.1875     Low EGDI        0.1785
     Chile                                   Very High OSI   0.8612     1.0000   0.7778   0.8554   0.8356   0.6250   Very High EGDI    0.8827
     China                                   Very High OSI   0.9258     0.9600   1.0000   0.9036   0.9315   0.6875   Very High EGDI    0.8718
     Colombia                                Very High OSI   0.7521     0.9600   0.8889   0.6747   0.7397   0.6875   Very High EGDI    0.7793
     Comoros                                   Low OSI       0.0230     0.1200   0.0000   0.0482   0.0000   0.0625    Middle EGDI      0.2586
     Congo                                    Middle OSI     0.2760     0.8000   0.3333   0.2410   0.0822   0.5625    Middle EGDI      0.3391
     Costa Rica                                High OSI      0.7217     0.8800   0.7778   0.6627   0.7260   0.6250   Very High EGDI    0.8009
     Croatia                                   High OSI      0.5219     0.8800   0.5556   0.4819   0.4110   0.6250   Very High EGDI    0.8818
     Cuba                                    Very High OSI   0.8735     0.9600   0.8889   0.8193   0.9178   0.6250    Middle EGDI      0.4921
     Cyprus                                    Low OSI       0.2298     0.8400   0.1111   0.2169   0.0548   0.2500   Very High EGDI    0.8619
     Czechia                                 Very High OSI   0.8217     0.9600   0.8889   0.8313   0.7260   0.7500   Very High EGDI    0.8239
     Côte d'Ivoire                             High OSI      0.7006     0.9200   0.7778   0.6988   0.5890   0.6875     High EGDI       0.5587
     Democratic People's Republic of Korea     Low OSI       0.0291     0.2000   0.2222   0.0120   0.0000   0.0625     Low EGDI        0.2320
     Democratic Republic of the Congo          Low OSI       0.2067     0.4400   0.4444   0.0723   0.2466   0.4375    Middle EGDI      0.2715
     Denmark                                 Very High OSI   0.9992     1.0000   1.0000   0.9880   0.9863   0.8750   Very High EGDI    0.9847
     Djibouti                                  Low OSI       0.2092     0.6000   0.3333   0.1928   0.0959   0.1875    Middle EGDI      0.2911




37




                                                                                                                                                  Technical
                                                                                                                                                  Appendix
                                                                                                                                        Technical
                                                                                                                                        Appendix




38




     Table 7         (continued)


     Country                        OSI Group      OSI 2024     IF       CP       SP      EPI      TEC      EDGI Group      EGDI 2024
     Dominica                       Middle OSI     0.3798     0.5200   0.7778   0.3976   0.3014   0.1250     High EGDI       0.5445
     Dominican Republic              High OSI      0.6405     0.8800   0.7778   0.5422   0.6575   0.5625     High EGDI       0.7013
     Ecuador                       Very High OSI   0.8851     0.9600   0.8889   0.8675   0.8767   0.6875   Very High EGDI    0.7800
     Egypt                           High OSI      0.7002     0.9200   0.6667   0.7108   0.5890   0.6875     High EGDI       0.6699
                                                                                                                                          2024 UN E-Government Survey


     El Salvador                     High OSI      0.5090     0.8000   0.7778   0.5060   0.3836   0.3750     High EGDI       0.5988
     Equatorial Guinea               Low OSI       0.1932     0.3200   0.1111   0.1446   0.2329   0.3125    Middle EGDI      0.2855
     Eritrea                         Low OSI       0.0000     0.0000   0.1111   0.0000   0.0137   0.1250     Low EGDI        0.1576
     Estonia                       Very High OSI   0.9954     1.0000   1.0000   1.0000   0.9589   0.8750   Very High EGDI    0.9727
     Eswatini                       Middle OSI     0.4557     0.8400   0.7778   0.3494   0.3836   0.5625     High EGDI       0.6081
     Ethiopia                       Middle OSI     0.3420     0.6000   0.4444   0.3976   0.1644   0.3750    Middle EGDI      0.3111
     Fiji                            High OSI      0.5343     0.8000   0.3333   0.5783   0.3973   0.5625     High EGDI       0.6754
     Finland                       Very High OSI   0.9097     1.0000   0.8889   0.8916   0.8904   0.7500   Very High EGDI    0.9575
     France                        Very High OSI   0.8440     1.0000   0.8889   0.8072   0.8082   0.7500   Very High EGDI    0.8744
     Gabon                          Middle OSI     0.3187     0.7200   0.5556   0.3373   0.1233   0.3125     High EGDI       0.5741
     Gambia                          Low OSI       0.0955     0.3200   0.1111   0.0120   0.1781   0.0000    Middle EGDI      0.2552
     Georgia                         High OSI      0.5652     0.8800   0.5556   0.4819   0.5616   0.5000   Very High EGDI    0.7792
     Germany                       Very High OSI   0.9238     1.0000   0.8889   0.8434   0.9726   0.8750   Very High EGDI    0.9382
     Ghana                           High OSI      0.6084     0.9200   0.5556   0.5783   0.5342   0.5625     High EGDI       0.6317
     Greece                        Very High OSI   0.8145     0.9200   0.8889   0.9036   0.6712   0.5000   Very High EGDI    0.8674
     Grenada                         High OSI      0.5056     0.5600   0.6667   0.6506   0.2466   0.6250     High EGDI       0.6458
     Guatemala                       High OSI      0.6538     0.8000   0.7778   0.7229   0.4658   0.6875     High EGDI       0.5738
     Guinea                         Middle OSI     0.4808     0.8800   0.3333   0.3614   0.5068   0.5000    Middle EGDI      0.4006
     Guinea-Bissau                   Low OSI       0.1270     0.2000   0.1111   0.0602   0.2192   0.1875    Middle EGDI      0.3083
     Guyana                         Middle OSI     0.3455     0.6800   0.5556   0.3012   0.2192   0.5625     High EGDI       0.5443
     Haiti                           Low OSI       0.1379     0.4800   0.0000   0.1084   0.0959   0.1875     Low EGDI        0.2116
     Table.7          (continued)


      Country                             OSI Group      OSI 2024     IF       CP       SP      EPI      TEC      EDGI Group      EGDI 2024
      Honduras                            Middle OSI     0.4587     0.7200   0.6667   0.4578   0.3014   0.6250    Middle EGDI      0.4856
      Hungary                              High OSI      0.7144     0.8800   0.7778   0.8072   0.5479   0.4375   Very High EGDI    0.8043
      Iceland                            Very High OSI   0.9076     0.9600   0.8889   0.8554   0.9589   0.6875   Very High EGDI    0.9671
      India                              Very High OSI   0.8184     1.0000   0.8889   0.8554   0.6575   0.8125     High EGDI       0.6678
      Indonesia                          Very High OSI   0.8035     1.0000   1.0000   0.7229   0.7945   0.6875   Very High EGDI    0.7991
      Iran (Islamic Republic of)          Middle OSI     0.3773     0.6800   0.4444   0.4337   0.1781   0.4375     High EGDI       0.6564
      Iraq                                 Low OSI       0.1875     0.4400   0.3333   0.1566   0.0959   0.4375    Middle EGDI      0.4572
      Ireland                            Very High OSI   0.8768     1.0000   0.7778   0.8193   0.9178   0.6875   Very High EGDI    0.9138
      Israel                             Very High OSI   0.8541     0.9600   0.8889   0.9157   0.6986   0.8125   Very High EGDI    0.9014
      Italy                              Very High OSI   0.7624     1.0000   1.0000   0.7349   0.6575   0.6875   Very High EGDI    0.8356
      Jamaica                              High OSI      0.5677     0.8400   0.7778   0.5663   0.4384   0.5000     High EGDI       0.6678
      Japan                              Very High OSI   0.9427     1.0000   1.0000   0.8795   0.9863   0.7500   Very High EGDI    0.9351
      Jordan                             Very High OSI   0.7591     0.9200   0.8889   0.7952   0.6164   0.6875     High EGDI       0.6849
      Kazakhstan                         Very High OSI   0.9390     1.0000   0.8889   0.9880   0.8493   0.7500   Very High EGDI    0.9009
      Kenya                              Very High OSI   0.7770     0.9600   0.7778   0.7952   0.6712   0.6875     High EGDI       0.6314
      Kiribati                            Middle OSI     0.3904     0.6000   0.5556   0.3855   0.3288   0.2500    Middle EGDI      0.4572
      Kuwait                               High OSI      0.6365     0.8800   0.7778   0.6506   0.4795   0.6875   Very High EGDI    0.7812
      Kyrgyzstan                           High OSI      0.6072     0.9200   0.6667   0.6145   0.4658   0.5625     High EGDI       0.7316
      Lao People's Democratic Republic    Middle OSI     0.3265     0.6800   0.6667   0.2289   0.2877   0.3125    Middle EGDI      0.4404
      Latvia                             Very High OSI   0.8092     1.0000   0.8889   0.7590   0.7808   0.6875   Very High EGDI    0.8852
      Lebanon                             Middle OSI     0.4489     0.8000   0.4444   0.3494   0.4658   0.3750     High EGDI       0.5449
      Lesotho                             Middle OSI     0.2864     0.5200   0.3333   0.2530   0.2055   0.5625    Middle EGDI      0.4123
      Liberia                             Middle OSI     0.2633     0.6000   0.3333   0.2530   0.1644   0.2500    Middle EGDI      0.2513
      Libya                                Low OSI       0.0808     0.4000   0.0000   0.0843   0.0137   0.0625     High EGDI       0.5466
      Liechtenstein                        High OSI      0.7416     0.9200   0.7778   0.7470   0.6575   0.6250   Very High EGDI    0.8528




39




                                                                                                                                              Technical
                                                                                                                                              Appendix
                                                                                                                                             Technical
                                                                                                                                             Appendix




40




     Table 7        (continued)


      Country                            OSI Group      OSI 2024     IF       CP       SP      EPI      TEC      EDGI Group      EGDI 2024
      Lithuania                         Very High OSI   0.8839     0.9600   1.0000   0.8916   0.8356   0.6250   Very High EGDI    0.9110
      Luxembourg                        Very High OSI   0.7555     1.0000   1.0000   0.7229   0.6301   0.8125   Very High EGDI    0.8466
      Madagascar                         Middle OSI     0.4045     0.6400   0.5556   0.3735   0.3014   0.6250    Middle EGDI      0.3235
      Malawi                             Middle OSI     0.4625     0.8000   0.5556   0.3855   0.4521   0.3125    Middle EGDI      0.3753
                                                                                                                                               2024 UN E-Government Survey


      Malaysia                            High OSI      0.7280     0.9200   0.7778   0.6506   0.6986   0.8750   Very High EGDI    0.8111
      Maldives                            High OSI      0.6220     0.6800   0.6667   0.6988   0.4795   0.6250     High EGDI       0.6745
     Mali                                Middle OSI     0.3334     0.6000   0.5556   0.2651   0.2740   0.5000    Middle EGDI      0.3005
     Malta                              Very High OSI   0.8749     0.9600   0.8889   0.9277   0.7671   0.6875   Very High EGDI    0.8886
     Marshall Islands                    Middle OSI     0.3586     0.5600   0.3333   0.3614   0.3288   0.1875    Middle EGDI      0.4823
     Mauritania                           Low OSI       0.1688     0.7600   0.2222   0.0482   0.1233   0.1875    Middle EGDI      0.3491
     Mauritius                            High OSI      0.5903     1.0000   0.7778   0.5904   0.4110   0.5000   Very High EGDI    0.7506
     Mexico                             Very High OSI   0.7637     0.8800   0.7778   0.7108   0.7397   0.8750   Very High EGDI    0.7850
     Micronesia (Federated States of)    Middle OSI     0.2621     0.6800   0.4444   0.2169   0.1370   0.3750    Middle EGDI      0.3235
     Monaco                              Middle OSI     0.4838     0.8800   0.5556   0.6024   0.1507   0.5625     High EGDI       0.7175
     Mongolia                           Very High OSI   0.8222     0.9200   1.0000   0.8072   0.7808   0.6250   Very High EGDI    0.8457
     Montenegro                           High OSI      0.5214     0.9200   0.6667   0.4096   0.5068   0.4375     High EGDI       0.7211
     Morocco                              High OSI      0.5618     0.8400   0.6667   0.5663   0.4384   0.5000     High EGDI       0.6841
     Mozambique                          Middle OSI     0.3959     0.6800   0.4444   0.4458   0.2055   0.5000    Middle EGDI      0.2848
     Myanmar                             Middle OSI     0.3259     0.6800   0.5556   0.3253   0.1644   0.3750     High EGDI       0.5001
     Namibia                             Middle OSI     0.4996     0.7200   0.6667   0.5783   0.2740   0.5625     High EGDI       0.6007
     Nauru                                Low OSI       0.2439     0.4400   0.3333   0.2048   0.2329   0.2500    Middle EGDI      0.4454
     Nepal                               Middle OSI     0.4481     0.8800   0.5556   0.5060   0.2192   0.3125     High EGDI       0.5781
     Netherlands                        Very High OSI   0.9212     1.0000   1.0000   0.8554   0.9315   0.8750   Very High EGDI    0.9538
     New Zealand                        Very High OSI   0.9453     1.0000   0.8889   0.9398   0.9315   0.7500   Very High EGDI    0.9265
     Nicaragua                           Middle OSI     0.4493     0.7200   0.6667   0.5060   0.2329   0.5000     High EGDI       0.5318
     Table 7        (continued)


      Country                            OSI Group      OSI 2024     IF       CP       SP      EPI      TEC      EDGI Group      EGDI 2024
      Niger                              Middle OSI     0.3084     0.8400   0.5556   0.2169   0.2055   0.3125     Low EGDI        0.2116
      Nigeria                             High OSI      0.5372     0.9600   0.7778   0.5060   0.3699   0.5625    Middle EGDI      0.4815
      North Macedonia                     High OSI      0.6642     0.8800   0.8889   0.6265   0.5753   0.6875     High EGDI       0.7070
      Norway                            Very High OSI   0.9117     1.0000   1.0000   0.9036   0.8630   0.7500   Very High EGDI    0.9315
      Oman                              Very High OSI   0.8077     1.0000   0.8889   0.7711   0.7260   0.8750   Very High EGDI    0.8576
      Pakistan                            High OSI      0.7042     1.0000   1.0000   0.7470   0.4932   0.5625     High EGDI       0.5096
     Palau                               Middle OSI     0.2787     0.5200   0.2222   0.2289   0.3014   0.1875     High EGDI       0.5072
     Panama                               High OSI      0.6505     0.8800   0.7778   0.6506   0.5205   0.6875     High EGDI       0.7298
     Papua New Guinea                    Middle OSI     0.3392     0.8400   0.2222   0.3614   0.1918   0.1250    Middle EGDI      0.3076
     Paraguay                             High OSI      0.6712     0.8400   0.6667   0.6506   0.6027   0.7500     High EGDI       0.7251
     Peru                               Very High OSI   0.8377     1.0000   0.8889   0.8434   0.7534   0.6875   Very High EGDI    0.8070
     Philippines                        Very High OSI   0.8054     0.9600   0.8889   0.7952   0.7260   0.7500   Very High EGDI    0.7621
     Poland                             Very High OSI   0.8037     0.8800   0.7778   0.8072   0.7534   0.7500   Very High EGDI    0.8648
     Portugal                           Very High OSI   0.7878     1.0000   0.7778   0.8193   0.6438   0.7500   Very High EGDI    0.8415
     Qatar                              Very High OSI   0.7655     0.9600   1.0000   0.8795   0.4795   0.7500   Very High EGDI    0.8244
     Republic of Korea                  Very High OSI   1.0000     1.0000   1.0000   1.0000   0.9726   0.8750   Very High EGDI    0.9679
     Republic of Moldova                  High OSI      0.7264     0.9600   0.6667   0.6627   0.7260   0.6250   Very High EGDI    0.7719
     Romania                              High OSI      0.6548     1.0000   0.7778   0.5181   0.6849   0.5625   Very High EGDI    0.7636
     Russian Federation                 Very High OSI   0.7766     0.9600   0.6667   0.8193   0.6438   0.7500   Very High EGDI    0.8532
     Rwanda                             Very High OSI   0.8207     0.9600   0.8889   0.8434   0.7534   0.5000     High EGDI       0.5799
     Saint Kitts and Nevis               Middle OSI     0.3039     0.4400   0.4444   0.3373   0.2055   0.3125     High EGDI       0.6305
     Saint Lucia                         Middle OSI     0.3229     0.7200   0.4444   0.3494   0.1370   0.3125     High EGDI       0.5255
     Saint Vincent and the Grenadines    Middle OSI     0.3906     0.8800   0.4444   0.2892   0.3425   0.3750     High EGDI       0.5876
     Samoa                               Middle OSI     0.3638     0.7600   0.5556   0.2651   0.3014   0.5000    Middle EGDI      0.4899
     San Marino                          Middle OSI     0.3575     0.7200   0.7778   0.3976   0.1233   0.3125     High EGDI       0.6551




41




                                                                                                                                             Technical
                                                                                                                                             Appendix
                                                                                                                                       Technical
                                                                                                                                       Appendix




42




     Table 7        (continued)


     Country                       OSI Group      OSI 2024     IF       CP       SP      EPI      TEC      EDGI Group      EGDI 2024
     Sao Tome and Principe          Low OSI       0.2156     0.4800   0.4444   0.1687   0.1644   0.2500    Middle EGDI      0.4308
     Saudi Arabia                 Very High OSI   0.9899     1.0000   1.0000   0.9880   0.9589   0.8750   Very High EGDI    0.9602
     Senegal                       Middle OSI     0.4779     0.7600   0.5556   0.4699   0.4247   0.1875     High EGDI       0.5162
     Serbia                       Very High OSI   0.8540     0.9200   1.0000   0.7952   0.8904   0.6250   Very High EGDI    0.8618
                                                                                                                                         2024 UN E-Government Survey


     Seychelles                    Middle OSI     0.4638     0.6800   0.5556   0.4940   0.3014   0.6250     High EGDI       0.6773
     Sierra Leone                  Middle OSI     0.3823     0.8000   0.5556   0.2651   0.3288   0.5625    Middle EGDI      0.3042
     Singapore                    Very High OSI   0.9831     1.0000   1.0000   0.9639   0.9589   0.9375   Very High EGDI    0.9691
     Slovakia                       High OSI      0.7097     0.9600   0.7778   0.6506   0.6986   0.5000   Very High EGDI    0.8021
     Slovenia                     Very High OSI   0.8640     0.9200   1.0000   0.8916   0.7808   0.6875   Very High EGDI    0.8759
     Solomon Islands               Middle OSI     0.4970     0.8000   0.6667   0.4940   0.3699   0.4375    Middle EGDI      0.3681
     Somalia                       Middle OSI     0.2971     0.8000   0.3333   0.1325   0.2877   0.5625     Low EGDI        0.1468
     South Africa                 Very High OSI   0.8872     1.0000   0.8889   0.8916   0.8356   0.6875   Very High EGDI    0.8616
     South Sudan                    Low OSI       0.1504     0.1600   0.1111   0.1807   0.1096   0.3750     Low EGDI        0.1191
     Spain                        Very High OSI   0.9054     1.0000   1.0000   0.9398   0.8082   0.6875   Very High EGDI    0.9206
     Sri Lanka                      High OSI      0.5494     0.9200   0.3333   0.5663   0.4110   0.5625     High EGDI       0.6667
     Sudan                          Low OSI       0.1293     0.2400   0.3333   0.1325   0.0685   0.2500    Middle EGDI      0.2759
     Suriname                      Middle OSI     0.4814     0.8000   0.6667   0.5301   0.2877   0.3750     High EGDI       0.6365
     Sweden                       Very High OSI   0.8836     0.8400   1.0000   0.9398   0.7945   0.7500   Very High EGDI    0.9326
     Switzerland                  Very High OSI   0.8408     1.0000   0.8889   0.8072   0.8219   0.6250   Very High EGDI    0.9003
     Syrian Arab Republic          Middle OSI     0.3068     0.8000   0.5556   0.3373   0.0685   0.2500    Middle EGDI      0.3888
     Tajikistan                    Middle OSI     0.4476     0.8400   0.5556   0.4578   0.2740   0.4375     High EGDI       0.5606
     Thailand                     Very High OSI   0.7611     1.0000   0.8889   0.6988   0.7534   0.5000   Very High EGDI    0.8351
     Timor-Leste                   Middle OSI     0.3406     0.6400   0.6667   0.2410   0.3288   0.3125    Middle EGDI      0.4020
     Togo                          Middle OSI     0.4472     0.8000   0.5556   0.3253   0.4521   0.5000    Middle EGDI      0.3920
     Tonga                         Middle OSI     0.3220     0.4400   0.6667   0.2410   0.3288   0.4375     High EGDI       0.5164
     Table 7         (continued)


      Country                               OSI Group      OSI 2024     IF       CP       SP      EPI      TEC      EDGI Group      EGDI 2024
      Trinidad and Tobago                    High OSI      0.5999     0.9600   0.7778   0.6506   0.3288   0.7500     High EGDI       0.6973
      Tunisia                                High OSI      0.5951     0.9600   0.7778   0.5904   0.4521   0.4375     High EGDI       0.6935
      Türkiye                              Very High OSI   0.9225     1.0000   1.0000   0.9277   0.8630   0.7500   Very High EGDI    0.8913
      Turkmenistan                          Middle OSI     0.2506     0.5600   0.4444   0.3253   0.0411   0.1875    Middle EGDI      0.4757
      Tuvalu                                 Low OSI       0.1944     0.4800   0.2222   0.2289   0.0685   0.1875    Middle EGDI      0.4042
     Uganda                                  High OSI      0.6069     0.8800   0.7778   0.6506   0.4384   0.4375    Middle EGDI      0.4464
     Ukraine                               Very High OSI   0.9854     0.9600   1.0000   0.9759   1.0000   0.7500   Very High EGDI    0.8841
     United Arab Emirates                  Very High OSI   0.9163     1.0000   1.0000   0.9759   0.7808   0.7500   Very High EGDI    0.9533
     United Kingdom of Great Britain and   Very High OSI   0.9535     0.9600   0.7778   0.9518   0.9726   0.7500   Very High EGDI    0.9577
     Northern Ireland
     United Republic of Tanzania            Middle OSI     0.4791     0.8800   0.6667   0.4578   0.2877   0.6875    Middle EGDI      0.4327
     United States of America              Very High OSI   0.9136     1.0000   0.8889   0.8675   0.9452   0.6875   Very High EGDI    0.9194
     Uruguay                               Very High OSI   0.8832     1.0000   1.0000   0.8313   0.8630   0.8125   Very High EGDI    0.9006
     Uzbekistan                            Very High OSI   0.7648     0.9200   0.7778   0.7590   0.6986   0.6875   Very High EGDI    0.7999
     Vanuatu                                Middle OSI     0.4769     0.8000   0.6667   0.3855   0.4658   0.3750     High EGDI       0.5427
     Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of      Middle OSI     0.3576     0.7600   0.4444   0.3614   0.2192   0.2500     High EGDI       0.5360
     Viet Nam                                High OSI      0.7081     0.9600   0.7778   0.7108   0.6027   0.5625   Very High EGDI    0.7709
     Yemen                                   Low OSI       0.1377     0.3200   0.3333   0.0482   0.1507   0.3750     Low EGDI        0.2317
     Zambia                                 Middle OSI     0.4958     0.7600   0.3333   0.4940   0.4110   0.5625     High EGDI       0.5424
     Zimbabwe                               Middle OSI     0.4100     0.7600   0.5556   0.3976   0.2740   0.4375    Middle EGDI      0.4481




43




                                                                                                                                                Technical
                                                                                                                                                Appendix
                                                                                                                                                                                                           Technical
                                                                                                                                                                                                           Appendix




44




     Table 8       Online Service Index (OSI) features accessed


     Components                Feature
     Technology                Government portal(s) ease of finding |Advanced Search features |Sitemap/Index |Help feature/FAQs section |Contact us feature | National portal(s)utilize HTTPS
                               |Responsive web design |Evidence of being updated in the past month| Advanced search options | Mark favorite/most used online services |Access to list of previous
                               interactions/transactions |Availability of Tutorials or guidance to understand and use online services/Help link | Accessibility by citizens to own data |Possibility for
                               citizens to modify own data | Accessibility by businesses to own data
                                                                                                                                                                                                             2024 UN E-Government Survey


     Institutional Framework   Existence of national government portal (s) |Information available on the organizational structure and/or chart of the government I Names/titles of heads of
                               government agencies/departments/ministries available on the national portal(s) | Links to any sub-national/local government institutions/agencies | Privacy statement(s)
                               available |Digital ID to access online services |National e-Government/Digital Government strategy or equivalent available |Information on citizens’ rights to access
                               government information| Legislation/law/policy/regulation on personal data protection |Legislation/law/policy/regulation on cybersecurity |Information/contact about
                               a national CIO or equivalent | Legislation/law/policy/regulation on e-participation |Legislation/law/policy/regulation on Open Government Data |Link to the sectoral or
                               ministerial website on HEALTH /EDUCATION/ EMPLOYMENT AND-OR LABOR/ SOCIAL PROTECTION/ENVIROMENT/ JUSTICE| Information on policies related to HEALTH
                               /EDUCATION/ EMPLOYMENT AND-OR LABOR/ SOCIAL PROTECTION/ ENVIROMENT/ JUSTICE |Availability of National Data strategy or Policy.
     Content Provision         National portal(s) available in more than ONE official language |Information available about payments for government services through channels other than online
                               |Announcements of forthcoming procurement/ bidding processes |Information about results of procurement/bidding processes online |Information about service
                               provision in partnership with the private sector| Evidence of free access to services through kiosks, community centers, post offices, libraries, public spaces, or free
                               Wi-Fi |Web statistics on usage of the online features/services |Information on available scholarships or other forms of government funding for EDUCATION |Links and
                               references for EMPLOYMENT for youth | Information on how older persons can apply for long term care.
     Table 8            (continued)


      Components                  Feature
      E-Participation             E-participation portal(s) |Availability of social networking feature(s) |Live chat support functionality | leave feedback option to improve useability and/or accessibility of e-services
                                  |Report corruption by public servants or institutions |Calendar or announcements about any upcoming public engagement or e-participation activities | Online tools to obtain
                                  raw (non-deliberative) inputs for policy deliberation | Evidence of any outcome of e-consultations resulted in new policy decisions/regulations/services |Open government data
                                  portal | In Open Data Portal availability of data dictionary or metadata repository | Guidance or toolkit on using Open Government datasets |Possibility to propose/request new
                                  open datasets be made available online |Information about the organization of competitions/ hackathons/ events around the use of open government data |Open Government
                                  dataset(s) on national government expenditures (budget) |Availability of GIS or other geospatial data |Evidence of user satisfaction of online or mobile services | Information
                                  on government expenditures (budget) on HEALTH/ EDUCATION/ EMPLOYMENT/ SOCIAL PROTECTION/ENVIRONMENT/ JUSTICE | Information about upcoming consultations
                                  intended to involve people in the past 12 months (HEALTH/ EDUCATION/ EMPLOYMENT/ SOCIAL PROTECTION/ ENVIRONMENT/ JUSTICE) |Information about having held
                                  online consultations via forums, polls, questionnaires etc. intended to involve people in the past 12 months (HEALTH/ EDUCATION/ EMPLOYMENT/ SOCIAL PROTECTION/
                                  ENVIRONMENT/ JUSTICE) |Evidence that people’s voices were included in the actual decision-making in the past 12 months (HEALTH/ EDUCATION/ EMPLOYMENT/ SOCIAL
                                  PROTECTION/ ENVIRONMENT/JUSTICE)| Open Government dataset(s) on HEALTH/ EDUCATION/ EMPLOYMENT/ SOCIAL PROTECTION/ENVIRONMENT/ JUSTICE |Report
                                  online a violation of labor laws | Availability of feature for participatory budgeting or similar mechanism I Evidence of open data license for open government datasets
                                  |Open Government dataset(s) on budget/expenditure in EDUCATION/ EMPLOYMENT/ ENVIRONMENT/ HEALTH/JUSTICE /SOCIAL PROTECTION? |Evidence of real time open
                                  government dataset(s) |Evidence of any cocreation and/or co-production of e-service (HEALTH/ EDUCATION/ EMPLOYMENT/ SOCIAL PROTECTION/ENVIRONMENT/ JUSTICE)
                                  |Evidence of e-petition or similar mechanism |Evidence that people’s voices were included in the policy decision-making on issues related to vulnerable group in the past 12
                                  months (for immigrants, older people, persons living below poverty line, persons with disabilities, women, youth).
      Services Provision          Evidence of One-Stop-Shop portal(s) | E-procurement platform for bidding processes/submission of tenders | Service provision on Income taxes |Online provision for:
                                  Value Added Tax (VAT), Goods & Services Tax (GST) or equivalent | Apply online for: Visa to enter or transit | Registration or renewal for a: Vehicle (car, truck, motorcycle,
                                  and others) |Online declaration to the police | Notify of moving/changing an address online | Registration for a new company or business entity |Apply/request Birth
                                  certificates |Death certificates |Marriage certificates |Personal Identity Cards | Driver’s license |Land title registration
                                  |Environment-related permits |Building permits| Business licenses| Apply for Government vacancy positions | Pay online for government fees or fines | Water utility
                                  |Energy(electricity/gas) utility |Digital invoices | provision of GIS or other geospatial related online services | Business tax filing | Mobile service provision available through
                                  i) smartphone apps; ii) SMS services; or iii) mobile browser (for HEALTH, EDUCATION, EMPLOYMENT, SOCIAL PROTECTION, ENVIROMENT. JUSTICE) | Students can
                                  apply for government scholarships and fellowships programme | Users can apply for: Social protection programs |Services available to the following vulnerable groups:
                                  poor (below poverty line) /persons with disabilities.
                                  /older persons / immigrants, migrant workers, refugees, and internally displaced persons / women /youth| Eligibility and/or procedure on applying for citizenship or
                                  residency |Apply for: Receiving an affidavit of criminal record/background clearance | Access to justice: retrieve information / file (open) online; / manage of court cases
                                  |Services provided to people retiring from job | Apply for benefits due to illness and injury | Apply for child benefits | Apply for disability compensation benefits |Apply
                                  online for maternal or newborn benefits |Apply or file for unemployment benefits.




45




                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Technical
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Appendix
                                                                                                                                                               Technical
                                                                                                                                                               Appendix




46




     Table 9        E-participation Index and its components


      Country                              EPI Group      EPI 2024     Rank   E-information   E-consultation   E-decisionmaking    EDGI Group      EGDI 2024
      Afghanistan                           Low EPI        0.1096      177            0                0             0.16           Low EGDI        0.2083
      Albania                               High EPI           0.726    49       0.7778              0.5             0.78         Very High EGDI    0.8000
      Algeria                               Low EPI        0.0548      187       0.1111                0             0.06           High EGDI       0.5956
      Andorra                               High EPI       0.5479       78       0.3333          0.0714              0.72           High EGDI       0.6893
                                                                                                                                                                 2024 UN E-Government Survey


      Angola                                Low EPI        0.2192      152       0.2222          0.0714              0.26          Middle EGDI      0.4149
      Antigua and Barbuda                  Middle EPI      0.3425      118            0                0              0.5           High EGDI       0.6428
      Argentina                             High EPI       0.6301       68       0.6667          0.1429              0.76         Very High EGDI    0.8573
      Armenia                             Very High EPI    0.8493       27       0.6667          0.9286              0.86         Very High EGDI    0.8422
      Australia                           Very High EPI        0.863    22            1          0.7857              0.86         Very High EGDI    0.9577
      Austria                             Very High EPI    0.7808       37       0.6667          0.4286               0.9         Very High EGDI    0.9065
      Azerbaijan                           Middle EPI      0.4932       88       0.4444                0             0.64         Very High EGDI    0.7607
      Bahamas                              Middle EPI      0.3151      127            0          0.1429              0.42           High EGDI       0.7143
      Bahrain                             Very High EPI    0.9041       18            1          0.9286              0.88         Very High EGDI    0.9196
      Bangladesh                            High EPI       0.6164       70       0.8889          0.0714              0.72           High EGDI       0.6570
      Barbados                             Middle EPI      0.3288      120       0.1111                0             0.46           High EGDI       0.6815
      Belarus                              Middle EPI      0.4932       88       0.2222          0.2857               0.6           High EGDI       0.7445
      Belgium                               High EPI       0.5068       85       0.1111          0.1429              0.68         Very High EGDI    0.8121
      Belize                                Low EPI        0.2329      148            0                0             0.34          Middle EGDI      0.4872
      Benin                                Middle EPI      0.3699      115       0.2222          0.2857              0.42          Middle EGDI      0.4578
      Bhutan                               Middle EPI      0.4932       88       0.3333          0.2857              0.58           High EGDI       0.6511
      Bolivia                              Middle EPI      0.4247      105       0.1111          0.0714              0.58           High EGDI       0.6651
      Bosnia and Herzegovina                High EPI       0.5479       78       0.4444                0             0.72           High EGDI       0.6329
      Botswana                             Middle EPI          0.274   141            0                0              0.4           High EGDI       0.6118
      Brazil                              Very High EPI        0.863    22            1          0.4286              0.96         Very High EGDI    0.8403
      Brunei Darussalam                    Middle EPI      0.4658       94       0.3333          0.0714               0.6         Very High EGDI    0.7554
      Bulgaria                              High EPI       0.6712       59       0.8889           0.1429             0.78         Very High EGDI    0.8145
     Table 9          (continued)


     Country                                  EPI Group      EPI 2024   Rank   E-information   E-consultation   E-decisionmaking    EDGI Group      EGDI 2024
     Burkina Faso                              Low EPI        0.2192    152       0.1111                0              0.3          Middle EGDI      0.2895
     Burundi                                   Low EPI        0.2192    152            0          0.3571              0.22           Low EGDI        0.2480
     Cabo Verde                                High EPI       0.5479     78       0.1111                0             0.78           High EGDI       0.6238
     Cambodia                                 Middle EPI      0.3151    127            0                0             0.46           High EGDI       0.5754
     Cameroon                                 Middle EPI      0.4247    105       0.1111          0.0714              0.58          Middle EGDI      0.4294
     Canada                                  Very High EPI    0.9178     15       0.7778          0.7143                 1         Very High EGDI    0.8452
     Central African Republic                  Low EPI        0.0822    182            0                0             0.12           Low EGDI        0.0947
     Chad                                     Middle EPI      0.3151    127            0          0.0714              0.44           Low EGDI        0.1785
     Chile                                   Very High EPI    0.8356     29       0.4444          0.7143              0.94         Very High EGDI    0.8827
     China                                   Very High EPI    0.9315     12            1          0.8571              0.94         Very High EGDI    0.8718
     Colombia                                  High EPI       0.7397     46       0.3333          0.4286               0.9         Very High EGDI    0.7793
     Comoros                                   Low EPI             0    192            0                0                0          Middle EGDI      0.2586
     Congo                                     Low EPI        0.0822    182            0                0             0.12          Middle EGDI      0.3391
     Costa Rica                                High EPI        0.726     49       0.7778          0.4286               0.8         Very High EGDI    0.8009
     Côte d'Ivoire                            Middle EPI       0.411    108       0.2222          0.1429              0.52         Very High EGDI    0.8818
     Croatia                                 Very High EPI    0.9178     15       0.8889          0.8571              0.94          Middle EGDI      0.4921
     Cuba                                      Low EPI        0.0548    187            0                0             0.08         Very High EGDI    0.8619
     Cyprus                                    High EPI       0.6986     53       0.3333          0.1429              0.92         Very High EGDI    0.8239
     Czech Republic                            High EPI        0.589     74       0.2222          0.2143              0.76           High EGDI       0.5587
     Democratic People's Republic of Korea     Low EPI             0    192            0                0                0           Low EGDI        0.2320
     Democratic Republic of the Congo          Low EPI        0.2466    146            0                0             0.36          Middle EGDI      0.2715
     Denmark                                 Very High EPI    0.9863      2            1                1             0.98         Very High EGDI    0.9847
     Djibouti                                  Low EPI        0.0959    179            0                0             0.14          Middle EGDI      0.2911
     Dominica                                 Middle EPI      0.3014    130            0                0             0.44           High EGDI       0.5445
     Dominican Republic                        High EPI       0.6575     61       0.2222          0.4286               0.8           High EGDI       0.7013
     Ecuador                                 Very High EPI    0.8767     21       0.7778           0.9286             0.88         Very High EGDI    0.7800




47




                                                                                                                                                                Technical
                                                                                                                                                                Appendix
                                                                                                                                                       Technical
                                                                                                                                                       Appendix




48




     Table 9          (continued)


     Country                         EPI Group      EPI 2024   Rank   E-information   E-consultation   E-decisionmaking    EDGI Group      EGDI 2024
     Egypt                            High EPI        0.589    74        0.8889          0.1429              0.66           High EGDI       0.6699
     El Salvador                     Middle EPI      0.3836    113       0.3333                0              0.5           High EGDI       0.5988
     Equatorial Guinea                Low EPI        0.2329    148       0.1111                0             0.32          Middle EGDI      0.2855
     Eritrea                          Low EPI        0.0137    190            0                0             0.02           Low EGDI        0.1576
                                                                                                                                                         2024 UN E-Government Survey


     Estonia                        Very High EPI    0.9589      7       0.8889          0.8571                 1         Very High EGDI    0.9727
     Eswatini                        Middle EPI      0.3836    113       0.2222                0             0.52           High EGDI       0.6081
     Ethiopia                         Low EPI        0.1644    166       0.1111          0.0714               0.2          Middle EGDI      0.3111
     Fiji                            Middle EPI      0.3973    112       0.2222          0.0714              0.52           High EGDI       0.6754
     Finland                        Very High EPI    0.8904     19       0.7778          0.7143              0.96         Very High EGDI    0.9575
     France                         Very High EPI    0.8082     33       0.5556          0.5714              0.92         Very High EGDI    0.8744
     Gabon                            Low EPI        0.1233    174       0.1111                0             0.16           High EGDI       0.5741
     Gambia                           Low EPI        0.1781    164            0                0             0.26          Middle EGDI      0.2552
     Georgia                          High EPI       0.5616     77       0.4444          0.2143              0.68         Very High EGDI    0.7792
     Germany                        Very High EPI    0.9726      4            1          0.8571                 1         Very High EGDI    0.9382
     Ghana                            High EPI       0.5342     82       0.4444                0              0.7           High EGDI       0.6317
      Greece                          High EPI       0.6712     59       0.6667          0.7143              0.66         Very High EGDI    0.8674
      Grenada                         Low EPI        0.2466    146       0.1111                0             0.34           High EGDI       0.6458
      Guatemala                      Middle EPI      0.4658     94       0.1111          0.0714              0.64           High EGDI       0.5738
      Guinea                          High EPI       0.5068     85            0          0.0714              0.72          Middle EGDI      0.4006
      Guinea-Bissau                   Low EPI        0.2192    152            0                0             0.32          Middle EGDI      0.3083
      Guyana                          Low EPI        0.2192    152            0                0             0.28           High EGDI       0.5443
      Haiti                           Low EPI        0.0959    179            0                0             0.14           Low EGDI        0.2116
      Honduras                       Middle EPI      0.3014    130       0.3333          0.2857               0.3          Middle EGDI      0.4856
      Hungary                         High EPI       0.5479     78       0.1111          0.1429              0.74         Very High EGDI    0.8043
      Iceland                       Very High EPI    0.9589      7       0.8889                1             0.96         Very High EGDI    0.9671
      India                           High EPI       0.6575     61       0.3333           0.0714             0.88           High EGDI       0.6678
     Table 9          (continued)


      Country                             EPI Group      EPI 2024   Rank   E-information   E-consultation   E-decisionmaking    EDGI Group      EGDI 2024
      Indonesia                          Very High EPI    0.7945    35        0.5556          0.7143              0.86         Very High EGDI    0.7991
      Iran (Islamic Republic of)           Low EPI        0.1781    164       0.3333                0              0.2           High EGDI       0.6564
      Iraq                                 Low EPI        0.0959    179       0.2222                0              0.1          Middle EGDI      0.4572
      Ireland                            Very High EPI    0.9178     15       0.7778          0.9286              0.94         Very High EGDI    0.9138
      Israel                               High EPI       0.6986     53       0.6667          0.5714              0.74         Very High EGDI    0.9014
      Italy                                High EPI       0.6575     61       0.6667          0.1429               0.8         Very High EGDI    0.8356
      Jamaica                             Middle EPI      0.4384    102       0.2222          0.2143              0.54           High EGDI       0.6678
      Japan                              Very High EPI    0.9863      2            1          0.9286                 1         Very High EGDI    0.9351
      Jordan                               High EPI       0.6164     70       0.5556                0              0.8           High EGDI       0.6849
      Kazakhstan                         Very High EPI    0.8493     27            1          0.4286              0.94         Very High EGDI    0.9009
      Kenya                                High EPI       0.5205     83       0.2222          0.4286               0.6           High EGDI       0.6314
      Kiribati                            Middle EPI      0.3288    120       0.2222                0             0.44          Middle EGDI      0.4572
      Kuwait                              Middle EPI      0.3014    130       0.2222                0              0.4         Very High EGDI    0.7812
      Kyrgyzstan                          Middle EPI      0.4658     94       0.4444          0.0714              0.58           High EGDI       0.7316
      Lao People's Democratic Republic    Middle EPI      0.2877    137            0          0.0714               0.4          Middle EGDI      0.4404
      Latvia                             Very High EPI    0.7808     37       0.5556          0.4286              0.92         Very High EGDI    0.8852
      Lebanon                             Middle EPI      0.4658     94       0.2222                0             0.64           High EGDI       0.5449
      Lesotho                              Low EPI        0.2055    159       0.1111                0             0.28          Middle EGDI      0.4123
      Liberia                              Low EPI        0.1644    166            0                0             0.24          Middle EGDI      0.2513
      Libya                                Low EPI        0.0137    190            0                0             0.02           High EGDI       0.5466
      Liechtenstein                        High EPI       0.6575     61       0.4444          0.2143              0.82         Very High EGDI    0.8528
      Lithuania                          Very High EPI    0.8356     29       0.5556          0.6429              0.94         Very High EGDI    0.9110
      Luxembourg                           High EPI       0.6301     68       0.3333              0.5             0.72         Very High EGDI    0.8466
      Madagascar                          Middle EPI      0.3014    130       0.3333                0             0.38          Middle EGDI      0.3235
      Malawi                              Middle EPI      0.4521     99       0.1111          0.0714              0.62          Middle EGDI      0.3753
      Malaysia                             High EPI       0.6986     53       0.3333              0.5             0.82         Very High EGDI    0.8111




49




                                                                                                                                                            Technical
                                                                                                                                                            Appendix
                                                                                                                                                            Technical
                                                                                                                                                            Appendix




50




     Table 9         (continued)


      Country                             EPI Group      EPI 2024   Rank   E-information   E-consultation   E-decisionmaking    EDGI Group      EGDI 2024
      Maldives                            Middle EPI      0.4795    92        0.2222                0             0.66           High EGDI       0.6745
      Mali                                Middle EPI       0.274    141       0.1111                0             0.38          Middle EGDI      0.3005
      Malta                                High EPI       0.7397     46       0.5556              0.5             0.84         Very High EGDI    0.8886
      Marshall Islands                    Middle EPI      0.3288    120       0.1111          0.4286              0.34          Middle EGDI      0.4823
                                                                                                                                                              2024 UN E-Government Survey


      Mauritania                           Low EPI        0.1233    174            0                0             0.18          Middle EGDI      0.3491
      Mauritius                           Middle EPI       0.411    108       0.2222          0.0714              0.54         Very High EGDI    0.7506
      Mexico                               High EPI       0.7397     46       0.3333          0.6429              0.84         Very High EGDI    0.7850
      Micronesia (Federated States of)     Low EPI         0.137    172            0                0              0.2          Middle EGDI      0.3235
      Monaco                               Low EPI        0.1507    170       0.2222                0             0.18           High EGDI       0.7175
      Mongolia                           Very High EPI    0.7808     37       0.3333              0.5             0.94         Very High EGDI    0.8457
      Montenegro                           High EPI       0.5068     85       0.4444          0.0714              0.64           High EGDI       0.7211
      Morocco                             Middle EPI      0.4384    102       0.3333          0.1429              0.54           High EGDI       0.6841
      Mozambique                           Low EPI        0.2055    159       0.1111                0             0.28          Middle EGDI      0.2848
      Myanmar                              Low EPI        0.1644    166       0.3333                0             0.18           High EGDI       0.5001
      Namibia                             Middle EPI       0.274    141       0.2222                0             0.36           High EGDI       0.6007
      Nauru                                Low EPI        0.2329    148            0                0             0.34          Middle EGDI      0.4454
      Nepal                                Low EPI        0.2192    152       0.1111                0              0.3           High EGDI       0.5781
      Netherlands                        Very High EPI    0.9315     12       0.4444              0.5             0.96         Very High EGDI    0.9538
      New Zealand                        Very High EPI    0.9315     12            1          0.9286              0.92         Very High EGDI    0.9265
      Nicaragua                            Low EPI        0.2329    148            0                0             0.34           High EGDI       0.5318
      Niger                                Low EPI        0.2055    159       0.1111                0             0.28           Low EGDI        0.2116
      Nigeria                             Middle EPI      0.3699    115       0.2222          0.0714              0.48          Middle EGDI      0.4815
      North Macedonia                      High EPI       0.5753     76       0.3333                0             0.78           High EGDI       0.7070
      Norway                             Very High EPI     0.863     22            1          0.7857              0.86         Very High EGDI    0.9315
      Oman                                 High EPI       0.6575     61       0.4444          0.4286              0.76         Very High EGDI    0.8576
      Pakistan                            Middle EPI      0.4932     88       0.3333           0.1429             0.62           High EGDI       0.5096
     Table 9         (continued)


      Country                             EPI Group      EPI 2024   Rank   E-information   E-consultation   E-decisionmaking    EDGI Group      EGDI 2024
      Palau                               Middle EPI      0.3014    130       0.2222                0              0.4           High EGDI       0.5072
      Panama                               High EPI       0.5205     83       0.3333          0.0714              0.68           High EGDI       0.7298
      Papua New Guinea                     Low EPI        0.1918    163            0                0             0.28          Middle EGDI      0.3076
      Paraguay                             High EPI       0.6027     72       0.4444          0.1429              0.76           High EGDI       0.7251
      Peru                               Very High EPI    0.7534     42       0.3333          0.2857              0.96         Very High EGDI    0.8070
      Philippines                          High EPI        0.726     49       0.3333          0.6429              0.82         Very High EGDI    0.7621
      Poland                             Very High EPI    0.7534     42       0.3333          0.5714              0.88         Very High EGDI    0.8648
      Portugal                             High EPI       0.6438     66       0.4444          0.2857              0.78         Very High EGDI    0.8415
      Qatar                               Middle EPI      0.4795     92       0.3333          0.0714              0.62         Very High EGDI    0.8244
      Republic of Korea                  Very High EPI    0.9726      4            1                1             0.96         Very High EGDI    0.9679
      Republic of Moldova                  High EPI        0.726     49       0.6667          0.3571              0.84         Very High EGDI    0.7719
      Romania                              High EPI       0.6849     58       0.8889          0.0714              0.82         Very High EGDI    0.7636
      Russian Federation                   High EPI       0.6438     66       0.8889          0.1429              0.74         Very High EGDI    0.8532
      Rwanda                             Very High EPI    0.7534     42       0.5556          0.7143               0.8           High EGDI       0.5799
      Saint Kitts and Nevis                Low EPI        0.2055    159            0                0              0.3           High EGDI       0.6305
      Saint Lucia                          Low EPI         0.137    172       0.1111          0.1429              0.14           High EGDI       0.5255
      Saint Vincent and the Grenadines    Middle EPI      0.3425    118            0                0              0.5           High EGDI       0.5876
      Samoa                               Middle EPI      0.3014    130       0.1111                0             0.42          Middle EGDI      0.4899
      San Marino                           Low EPI        0.1233    174       0.2222                0             0.14           High EGDI       0.6551
      Sao Tome and Principe                Low EPI        0.1644    166       0.2222                0              0.2          Middle EGDI      0.4308
      Saudi Arabia                       Very High EPI    0.9589      7            1          0.7857                 1         Very High EGDI    0.9602
      Senegal                             Middle EPI      0.4247    105            0          0.0714               0.6           High EGDI       0.5162
      Serbia                             Very High EPI    0.8904     19       0.8889          0.7857              0.92         Very High EGDI    0.8618
      Seychelles                          Middle EPI      0.3014    130       0.2222          0.2143              0.34           High EGDI       0.6773
      Sierra Leone                        Middle EPI      0.3288    120       0.1111                0             0.46          Middle EGDI      0.3042
      Singapore                          Very High EPI    0.9589      7       0.8889                1             0.96         Very High EGDI    0.9691




51




                                                                                                                                                            Technical
                                                                                                                                                            Appendix
                                                                                                                                                     Technical
                                                                                                                                                     Appendix




52




     Table 9        (continued)


     Country                       EPI Group      EPI 2024   Rank   E-information   E-consultation   E-decisionmaking    EDGI Group      EGDI 2024
     Slovakia                       High EPI       0.6986    53        0.3333          0.5714               0.8         Very High EGDI    0.8021
     Slovenia                     Very High EPI    0.7808    37             1          0.1429              0.92         Very High EGDI    0.8759
     Solomon Islands               Middle EPI      0.3699    115            0                0             0.54          Middle EGDI      0.3681
     Somalia                       Middle EPI      0.2877    137       0.1111          0.2143              0.34           Low EGDI        0.1468
                                                                                                                                                       2024 UN E-Government Survey


     South Africa                 Very High EPI    0.8356     29       0.7778          0.8571              0.84         Very High EGDI    0.8616
     South Sudan                    Low EPI        0.1096    177            0                0             0.16           Low EGDI        0.1191
     Spain                        Very High EPI    0.8082     33       0.5556          0.3571              0.98         Very High EGDI    0.9206
     Sri Lanka                     Middle EPI       0.411    108       0.2222          0.0714              0.54           High EGDI       0.6667
     Sudan                          Low EPI        0.0685    184       0.1111          0.0714              0.06          Middle EGDI      0.2759
     Suriname                      Middle EPI      0.2877    137            0                0             0.42           High EGDI       0.6365
     Sweden                       Very High EPI    0.7945     35       0.7778          0.2143              0.96         Very High EGDI    0.9326
     Switzerland                  Very High EPI    0.8219     32       0.2222          0.6429              0.98         Very High EGDI    0.9003
     Syrian Arab Republic           Low EPI        0.0685    184       0.3333                0             0.04          Middle EGDI      0.3888
     Tajikistan                    Middle EPI       0.274    141       0.1111                0             0.38           High EGDI       0.5606
     Thailand                     Very High EPI    0.7534     42       0.7778          0.4286              0.84         Very High EGDI    0.8351
     Timor-Leste                   Middle EPI      0.3288    120       0.1111                0             0.46          Middle EGDI      0.4020
     Togo                          Middle EPI      0.4521     99       0.2222          0.3571              0.52          Middle EGDI      0.3920
     Tonga                         Middle EPI      0.3288    120       0.1111                0             0.46           High EGDI       0.5164
     Trinidad and Tobago           Middle EPI      0.3288    120       0.1111          0.1429              0.42           High EGDI       0.6973
     Tunisia                       Middle EPI      0.4521     99            0          0.0714              0.64           High EGDI       0.6935
     Türkiye                      Very High EPI     0.863     22       0.8889          0.7143               0.9         Very High EGDI    0.8913
     Turkmenistan                   Low EPI        0.0411    189            0                0             0.06          Middle EGDI      0.4757
     Tuvalu                         Low EPI        0.0685    184            0                0              0.1          Middle EGDI      0.4042
     Uganda                        Middle EPI      0.4384    102       0.1111                0             0.62          Middle EGDI      0.4464
     Ukraine                      Very High EPI         1      1            1                1                1         Very High EGDI    0.8841
     United Arab Emirates         Very High EPI    0.7808     37       0.5556           0.3571             0.94         Very High EGDI    0.9533
     Table 9        (continued)


     Country                                EPI Group      EPI 2024   Rank   E-information   E-consultation   E-decisionmaking    EDGI Group      EGDI 2024
     United Kingdom of Great Britain and
                                           Very High EPI    0.9726     4             1                1             0.96         Very High EGDI    0.9577
     Northern Ireland
     United Republic of Tanzania            Middle EPI      0.2877    137       0.2222                0             0.38          Middle EGDI      0.4327
     United States of America              Very High EPI    0.9452     11            1                1             0.92         Very High EGDI    0.9194
     Uruguay                               Very High EPI     0.863     22            1          0.5714              0.92         Very High EGDI    0.9006
     Uzbekistan                              High EPI       0.6986     53       0.3333          0.1429              0.92         Very High EGDI    0.7999
     Vanuatu                                Middle EPI      0.4658     94       0.3333          0.2143              0.56           High EGDI       0.5427
     Venezuela                               Low EPI        0.2192    152       0.1111                0              0.3           High EGDI       0.5360
     Viet Nam                                High EPI       0.6027     72       0.5556          0.1429              0.74         Very High EGDI    0.7709
     Yemen                                   Low EPI        0.1507    170            0                0             0.22           Low EGDI        0.2317
     Zambia                                 Middle EPI       0.411    108            0          0.0714              0.58           High EGDI       0.5424
     Zimbabwe                               Middle EPI       0.274    141            0          0.1429              0.36          Middle EGDI      0.4481




53




                                                                                                                                                              Technical
                                                                                                                                                              Appendix
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Technical
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Appendix




54




     Table 10         Human Capital Index (HCI) and its components


                                                  Adult Literacy (%)      Gross Enrollment Ratio   Expected Year of Schooling Mean Year of Schooling    E-government Iteracy
                                       HCI                                                                                                                                                      EGDI
     Country           HCI Group               Index                     Index                     Index                     Index                     Index                      EDGI Group
                                       2024             Year    Source            Year    Source            Year   Source            Year   Source              Year   Source                   2024
                                               Value                     Value                     Value                     Value                     Value
     Afghanistan       Middle HCI     0.2643   37.27    2021   UNESCO     64.43   2018   UNESCO    10.54   2018    UNESCO       3    2021    UNDP      0.0556   2024   UN-DESA     Low EGDI     0.2083
     Albania          Very High HCI 0.8106      98.5    2022   UNESCO     84.76   2022   UNESCO    14.49   2022    UNESCO    11.3    2021    UNDP      0.7778   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.8000
     Algeria            High HCI      0.6418   81.41    2018   UNESCO     94.94   2022   UNESCO    15.49   2022    UNESCO     8.1    2021    UNDP      0.1111   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.5956
                                                                                                                                                                                                           2024 UN E-Government Survey


     Andorra            High HCI      0.6668    100     2016   UNESCO     76.71   2022   UNESCO    12.78   2022    UNESCO    10.6    2021    UNDP      0.2778   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.6893
     Angola            Middle HCI      0.476    72.4    2022   UNESCO      61.3   2011   UNESCO     12.2   2021     UNDP      5.4    2021    UNDP      0.3889   2024   UN-DESA    Middle EGDI   0.4149
     Antigua and
                        High HCI      0.7176   98.95    2015   UNESCO     87.76   2012   UNESCO     14.2   2021     UNDP      9.3    2021    UNDP      0.3889   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.6428
     Barbuda
     Argentina        Very High HCI    0.933     99     2018   UNESCO      100    2021   UNESCO    18.98   2021    UNESCO    11.1    2021    UNDP      0.8333   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.8573
     Armenia          Very High HCI 0.8561     99.79    2020   UNESCO     86.24   2022   UNESCO    14.41   2022    UNESCO    11.3    2021    UNDP          1    2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.8422
     Australia        Very High HCI       1      99     2014   UNESCO    121.45   2021   UNESCO    21.08   2021    UNESCO    12.7    2021    UNDP      0.8889   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.9577
     Austria          Very High HCI 0.9003       99     2014   UNESCO    100.36   2021   UNESCO    16.37   2021    UNESCO    12.3    2021    UNDP      0.7778   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.9065
     Azerbaijan         High HCI      0.7233    99.8    2019   UNESCO     77.17   2022   UNESCO    12.71   2022    UNESCO    10.5    2021    UNDP      0.6111   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.7607
     Bahamas            High HCI      0.7376    95.8    2014   UNESCO       74    2014   UNESCO     12.9   2021     UNDP     12.6    2021    UNDP      0.6111   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.7143
     Bahrain          Very High HCI    0.868   90.98    2010   UNESCO     97.16   2022   UNESCO     16.3   2022    UNESCO      11    2021    UNDP      0.8889   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.9196
     Bangladesh         High HCI      0.5834   74.91    2020   UNESCO     70.16   2022   UNESCO    11.95   2020    UNESCO     7.4    2021    UNDP      0.6667   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.6570
     Barbados         Very High HCI 0.7845      99.6    2014   UNESCO     95.69   2011   UNESCO     15.7   2021     UNDP      9.9    2021    UNDP      0.4444   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.6815
     Belarus            High HCI      0.7419   99.87    2019   UNESCO     88.55   2022   UNESCO    13.98   2022    UNESCO    12.1    2021    UNDP      0.2778   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.7445
     Belgium          Very High HCI 0.8442       99     2014   UNESCO    113.18   2021   UNESCO    18.95   2021    UNESCO    10.4    2021    UNDP      0.3889   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.8121
     Belize             High HCI       0.527    76.9    2000   UNESCO     72.41   2022   UNESCO    12.43   2022    UNESCO     8.8    2021    UNDP      0.1111   2024   UN-DESA    Middle EGDI   0.4872
     Benin             Middle HCI     0.3715    47.1    2022   UNESCO     62.78   2020   UNESCO    10.37   2021    UNESCO     4.3    2021    UNDP      0.4444   2024   UN-DESA    Middle EGDI   0.4578
     Bhutan             High HCI      0.5478    72.1    2022   UNESCO     70.37   2018   UNESCO    12.89   2019    UNESCO     5.2    2021    UNDP      0.6111   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.6511
     Bolivia
     (Plurinational     High HCI      0.6876   93.85    2020   UNESCO     79.25   2007   UNESCO     14.9   2021     UNDP      9.8    2021    UNDP      0.3333   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.6651
     State of)
     Bosnia and         High HCI      0.6222    98.3    2022   UNESCO     74.15   2022   UNESCO    13.28   2022    UNESCO    10.5    2021    UNDP      0.0556   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.6329
     Herzegovina
     Botswana           High HCI      0.5719   86.82    2013   UNESCO     69.04   2021   UNESCO    11.43   2021    UNESCO    10.3    2021    UNDP      0.2222   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.6118
     Brazil           Very High HCI 0.8077     94.69    2022   UNESCO     91.66   2020   UNESCO    15.58   2021    UNESCO     8.1    2021    UNDP      0.8889   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.8403
     Brunei
                        High HCI      0.6991   97.59    2021   UNESCO     75.72   2020   UNESCO     13.7   2020    UNESCO     9.2    2021    UNDP      0.5556   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.7554
     Darussalam
     Bulgaria         Very High HCI 0.7538     98.42    2021   UNESCO     84.86   2021   UNESCO    13.87   2020    UNESCO    11.4    2021    UNDP         0.5   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.8145
     Burkina Faso       Low HCI       0.1668   34.49    2022   UNESCO     47.93   2022   UNESCO     8.09   2022    UNESCO     2.1    2021    UNDP      0.1111   2024   UN-DESA    Middle EGDI   0.2895
     Table 10            (continued)


                                                   Adult Literacy (%)      Gross Enrollment Ratio   Expected Year of Schooling Mean Year of Schooling    E-government Iteracy
                                        HCI                                                                                                                                                      EGDI
     Country              HCI Group             Index                     Index                     Index                     Index                     Index                      EDGI Group
                                        2024             Year    Source            Year    Source            Year   Source            Year   Source              Year   Source                   2024
                                                Value                     Value                     Value                     Value                     Value
     Burundi              Middle HCI   0.3965   75.54    2022   UNESCO      66.9   2018   UNESCO    10.25   2018    UNESCO     3.1    2021    UNDP      0.1667   2024   UN-DESA     Low EGDI     0.2480
     Cabo Verde            High HCI    0.5694     91     2022   UNESCO     69.17   2018   UNESCO    11.86   2018    UNESCO     6.3    2021    UNDP      0.4444   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.6238
     Cambodia              High HCI    0.5149   83.78    2022   UNESCO     65.72   2021   UNESCO     12.1   2021     UNDP      5.1    2021    UNDP      0.3889   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.5754
     Cameroon              High HCI    0.5193   78.23    2020   UNESCO     71.64   2016   UNESCO     13.1   2021     UNDP      6.2    2021    UNDP      0.2222   2024   UN-DESA    Middle EGDI   0.4294
     Canada              Very High HCI 0.8725     99     2014   UNESCO      94.8   2021   UNESCO    15.96   2021    UNESCO    13.8    2021    UNDP      0.6111   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.8452
     Central African
                           Low HCI     0.1713   37.49    2020   UNESCO     42.18   2012   UNESCO        8   2021     UNDP      4.3    2021    UNDP          0    2024   UN-DESA     Low EGDI     0.0947
     Republic
     Chad                  Low HCI     0.1488   27.28    2022   UNESCO     46.66   2015   UNESCO        8   2021     UNDP      2.6    2021    UNDP      0.1111   2024   UN-DESA     Low EGDI     0.1785
     Chile               Very High HCI 0.8413   97.16    2022   UNESCO     100.9   2021   UNESCO    16.91   2022    UNESCO    10.9    2021    UNDP      0.5556   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.8827
     China               Very High HCI 0.7902   97.15    2020   UNESCO     89.96   2022   UNESCO     14.2   2021     UNDP      7.6    2021    UNDP      0.9444   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.8718
     Colombia            Very High HCI 0.7793   95.64    2020   UNESCO     89.64   2021   UNESCO    14.44   2021    UNESCO     8.9    2021    UNDP      0.7778   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.7793
     Comoros              Middle HCI   0.3992   61.71    2022   UNESCO     65.29   2014   UNESCO     11.9   2021     UNDP      5.1    2021    UNDP      0.1111   2024   UN-DESA    Middle EGDI   0.2586
     Congo                Middle HCI   0.4637   80.61    2021   UNESCO     64.46   2012   UNESCO     12.3   2021     UNDP      6.2    2021    UNDP      0.0556   2024   UN-DESA    Middle EGDI   0.3391
     Costa Rica          Very High HCI 0.7877   98.04    2021   UNESCO    100.12   2019   UNESCO    15.84   2019    UNESCO     8.8    2021    UNDP         0.5   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.8009
     Côte d’Ivoire        Middle HCI   0.4848   89.89    2019   UNESCO     59.62   2020   UNESCO     10.1   2020    UNESCO     5.2    2021    UNDP      0.3889   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.8818
     Croatia             Very High HCI 0.8538   99.45    2021   UNESCO     91.61   2021   UNESCO    15.57   2021    UNESCO    12.2    2021    UNDP      0.7222   2024   UN-DESA    Middle EGDI   0.4921
     Cuba                  High HCI    0.7148   99.67    2021   UNESCO     84.66   2021   UNESCO    14.47   2021    UNESCO    12.5    2021    UNDP      0.1111   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.8619
     Cyprus              Very High HCI 0.8698   99.36    2021   UNESCO     99.37   2021   UNESCO    16.24   2021    UNESCO    12.4    2021    UNDP      0.5556   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.8239
     Czechia             Very High HCI 0.8508     99     2014   UNESCO     93.23   2021   UNESCO    16.35   2021    UNESCO    12.9    2021    UNDP      0.5556   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.5587
     Democratic
     People's Republic    Middle HCI   0.4924    100     2008   UNESCO     70.75   2015   UNESCO     10.8   2021     UNDP     5.47    2017    UNDP          0    2024   UN-DESA     Low EGDI     0.2320
     of Korea
     Democratic
     Republic of the      Middle HCI   0.4487   80.54    2022   UNESCO      61.9   2013   UNESCO      9.8   2021     UNDP     7.02    2021    UNDP      0.1667   2024   UN-DESA    Middle EGDI   0.2715
     Congo
     Denmark             Very High HCI 0.9584     99     2014   UNESCO    105.94   2021   UNESCO    18.77   2021    UNESCO      13    2021    UNDP      0.8333   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.9847
     Djibouti             Middle HCI     0.28    70.3    2014   UNESCO     38.32   2011   UNESCO      7.4   2021     UNDP      4.1    2021    UNDP      0.2222   2024   UN-DESA    Middle EGDI   0.2911
     Dominica              High HCI    0.5781     88     2014   UNESCO       73    2014   UNESCO       13   2021     UNDP      8.1    2021    UNDP      0.2222   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.5445
     Dominican
                           High HCI    0.7189    95.5    2022   UNESCO     78.17   2021   UNESCO    13.57   2021    UNESCO     9.3    2021    UNDP      0.6667   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.7013
     Republic
     Ecuador             Very High HCI 0.7715   93.95    2022   UNESCO      86.8   2020   UNESCO    14.86   2020    UNESCO     8.8    2021    UNDP      0.7778   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.7800
     Egypt                 High HCI     0.615    74.5    2022   UNESCO     78.32   2020   UNESCO    12.91   2020    UNESCO     9.6    2021    UNDP      0.4444   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.6699




55




                                                                                                                                                                                                          Technical
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Appendix
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Technical
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Appendix




56




     Table 10            (continued)


                                                     Adult Literacy (%)      Gross Enrollment Ratio   Expected Year of Schooling Mean Year of Schooling    E-government Iteracy
                                          HCI                                                                                                                                                      EGDI
     Country              HCI Group               Index                     Index                     Index                     Index                     Index                      EDGI Group
                                          2024             Year    Source            Year    Source            Year   Source            Year   Source              Year   Source                   2024
                                                  Value                     Value                     Value                     Value                     Value
     El Salvador           High HCI      0.5348   89.98    2020   UNESCO     66.25   2018   UNESCO     12.6   2021     UNDP      7.2    2021    UNDP      0.1667   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.5988
     Equatorial Guinea    Middle HCI     0.4102   94.37    2010   UNESCO     44.55   2000   UNESCO      9.7   2021     UNDP      5.9    2021    UNDP      0.1111   2024   UN-DESA    Middle EGDI   0.2855
     Eritrea              Middle HCI     0.3324   76.57    2018   UNESCO     49.14   2015   UNESCO      8.1   2021     UNDP      4.9    2021    UNDP      0.1111   2024   UN-DESA     Low EGDI     0.1576
                                                                                                                                                                                                              2024 UN E-Government Survey


     Estonia             Very High HCI 0.9497     99.87    2021   UNESCO     98.85   2021   UNESCO    15.94   2021    UNESCO    13.5    2021    UNDP          1    2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.9727
     Eswatini              High HCI      0.5836   89.28    2020   UNESCO     76.22   2013   UNESCO     13.7   2021     UNDP      5.6    2021    UNDP      0.3333   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.6081
     Ethiopia             Middle HCI     0.3254   51.77    2017   UNESCO     54.53   2012   UNESCO      9.7   2021     UNDP      3.2    2021    UNDP      0.3889   2024   UN-DESA    Middle EGDI   0.3111
     Fiji                  High HCI      0.7413   99.08    2017   UNESCO      77.9   2004   UNESCO     14.7   2021     UNDP     10.9    2021    UNDP         0.5   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.6754
     Finland             Very High HCI 0.9836       99     2014   UNESCO    117.54   2021   UNESCO    19.23   2021    UNESCO    12.9    2021    UNDP      0.9444   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.9575
     France              Very High HCI 0.8565       99     2014   UNESCO     93.86   2021   UNESCO    15.99   2021    UNESCO    11.6    2021    UNDP      0.7222   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.8744
     Gabon                 High HCI      0.5772   85.69    2022   UNESCO     74.93   2001   UNESCO       13   2021     UNDP      9.4    2021    UNDP      0.1111   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.5741
     Gambia               Middle HCI     0.2823   58.67    2022   UNESCO     50.65   2010   UNESCO      9.4   2021     UNDP      4.6    2021    UNDP          0    2024   UN-DESA    Middle EGDI   0.2552
     Georgia             Very High HCI 0.8654     99.57    2022   UNESCO      99.6   2022   UNESCO    16.73   2022    UNESCO    12.8    2021    UNDP         0.5   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.7792
     Germany             Very High HCI 0.9672       99     2014   UNESCO     98.35   2021   UNESCO    17.34   2021    UNESCO    14.1    2021    UNDP      0.9444   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.9382
     Ghana                 High HCI      0.5586   80.38    2020   UNESCO     70.27   2021   UNESCO    11.59   2021    UNESCO     8.3    2021    UNDP      0.3889   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.6317
     Greece              Very High HCI 0.9219     97.94    2018   UNESCO    120.52   2021   UNESCO    20.03   2021    UNESCO    11.4    2021    UNDP      0.6667   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.8674
     Grenada             Very High HCI    0.755    98.6    2014   UNESCO     99.83   2018   UNESCO    16.59   2018     UNDP        9    2021    UNDP      0.2222   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.6458
     Guatemala            Middle HCI     0.4834   84.27    2022   UNESCO     61.66   2020   UNESCO    10.79   2019    UNESCO     5.7    2021    UNDP      0.3333   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.5738
     Guinea               Middle HCI     0.2887   45.33    2021   UNESCO     52.84   2021   UNESCO      9.8   2021     UNDP      2.2    2021    UNDP      0.3889   2024   UN-DESA    Middle EGDI   0.4006
     Guinea-Bissau        Middle HCI     0.3077    53.9    2022   UNESCO     62.98   2006   UNESCO     10.6   2021     UNDP      3.6    2021    UNDP          0    2024   UN-DESA    Middle EGDI   0.3083
     Guyana                High HCI      0.5933   90.03    2022   UNESCO     73.01   2012   UNESCO     12.5   2021     UNDP      8.6    2021    UNDP      0.2778   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.5443
     Haiti                Middle HCI     0.2883   61.69    2016   UNESCO      39.4   2014   UNESCO      9.7   2021     UNDP      5.6    2021    UNDP      0.0556   2024   UN-DESA     Low EGDI     0.2116
     Honduras              High HCI      0.5182   88.51    2019   UNESCO     62.61   2019   UNESCO     10.1   2021     UNDP      7.1    2021    UNDP      0.3889   2024   UN-DESA    Middle EGDI   0.4856
     Hungary             Very High HCI 0.8703      99.1    2021   UNESCO      90.3   2021   UNESCO    15.07   2021    UNESCO    12.2    2021    UNDP      0.8889   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.8043
     Iceland             Very High HCI 0.9953       99     2014   UNESCO    102.62   2021   UNESCO    19.11   2021    UNESCO    13.8    2021    UNDP      0.9444   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.9671
     India                 High HCI      0.6149   76.33    2022   UNESCO      73.2   2022   UNESCO    12.96   2022    UNESCO     6.7    2021    UNDP      0.7778   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.6678
     Indonesia             High HCI      0.7293     96     2020   UNESCO     83.77   2022   UNESCO    13.79   2018    UNESCO     8.6    2021    UNDP      0.6667   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.7991
     Iran (Islamic
                           High HCI      0.6932   88.99    2022   UNESCO     86.09   2020   UNESCO    14.12   2020    UNESCO    10.6    2021    UNDP      0.3333   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.6564
     Republic of)
     Iraq                 Middle HCI     0.4967    85.6    2017   UNESCO     63.14   2004   UNESCO     12.1   2021    UNESCO     7.9    2021    UNDP      0.0556   2024   UN-DESA    Middle EGDI   0.4572
     Ireland             Very High HCI 0.9046      99.2    2015   UNESCO    107.32   2021   UNESCO    19.13   2021    UNESCO    11.6    2021    UNDP      0.6111   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.9138
     Israel              Very High HCI 0.8739     97.76    2011   UNESCO     87.29   2021   UNESCO    15.03   2021    UNESCO    13.3    2021    UNDP      0.8889   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.9014
     Italy               Very High HCI 0.8426     99.35    2019   UNESCO     93.14   2021   UNESCO    16.66   2021    UNESCO    10.7    2021    UNDP      0.6667   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.8356
     Table 10           (continued)


                                                  Adult Literacy (%)      Gross Enrollment Ratio   Expected Year of Schooling Mean Year of Schooling    E-government Iteracy
                                       HCI                                                                                                                                                      EGDI
     Country             HCI Group             Index                     Index                     Index                     Index                     Index                      EDGI Group
                                       2024             Year    Source            Year    Source            Year   Source            Year   Source              Year   Source                   2024
                                               Value                     Value                     Value                     Value                     Value
     Jamaica              High HCI     0.706    88.1    2014   UNESCO     79.03   2005   UNESCO     13.4   2021     UNDP      9.2    2021    UNDP      0.7222   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.6678
     Japan              Very High HCI 0.9117     99     2014   UNESCO     89.58   2020   UNESCO    15.46   2020    UNESCO    13.4    2021    UNDP          1    2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.9351
     Jordan               High HCI    0.6458   98.41    2021   UNESCO     63.59   2020   UNESCO     10.6   2021     UNDP     10.4    2021    UNDP      0.6111   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.6849
     Kazakhstan         Very High HCI 0.8403   99.78    2018   UNESCO     93.58   2020   UNESCO    14.82   2020    UNESCO    12.3    2021    UNDP      0.6667   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.9009
     Kenya                High HCI    0.5271   82.88    2022   UNESCO     63.34   2009   UNESCO     10.7   2021     UNDP      6.7    2021    UNDP         0.5   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.6314
     Kiribati             High HCI    0.6269     93     2014   UNESCO     71.85   2008   UNESCO     11.8   2021     UNDP        8    2021    UNDP      0.5556   2024   UN-DESA    Middle EGDI   0.4572
     Kuwait               High HCI    0.7083   96.46    2020   UNESCO     88.11   2015   UNESCO     15.3   2021     UNDP      7.3    2021    UNDP      0.3333   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.7812
     Kyrgyzstan           High HCI    0.7061   99.59    2018   UNESCO     85.47   2020   UNESCO    12.99   2021    UNESCO    11.4    2021    UNDP      0.2778   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.7316
     Lao People's
     Democratic          Middle HCI   0.4608   87.52    2022   UNESCO     58.83   2021   UNESCO    10.19   2020    UNESCO     5.4    2021    UNDP      0.2778   2024   UN-DESA    Middle EGDI   0.4404
     Republic
     Latvia             Very High HCI 0.8805   99.89    2021   UNESCO    101.36   2021   UNESCO    16.48   2022    UNESCO    13.3    2021    UNDP      0.5556   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.8852
     Lebanon              High HCI    0.5433   95.03    2019   UNESCO     63.43   2015   UNESCO     11.3   2021     UNDP      8.7    2021    UNDP      0.1667   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.5449
     Lesotho             Middle HCI   0.4862   82.01    2022   UNESCO     67.12   2017   UNESCO    11.33   2017    UNESCO       6    2021    UNDP      0.2222   2024   UN-DESA    Middle EGDI   0.4123
     Liberia             Middle HCI   0.3669    48.3    2017   UNESCO     65.41   2000   UNESCO     10.4   2021     UNDP      5.1    2021    UNDP      0.2778   2024   UN-DESA    Middle EGDI   0.2513
     Libya                High HCI    0.5951    86.1    2004   UNESCO     90.88   2003   UNESCO     12.9   2021     UNDP      7.6    2021    UNDP      0.1111   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.5466
     Liechtenstein      Very High HCI 0.8263     99     2014   UNESCO     91.62   2021   UNESCO    15.41   2021    UNESCO    12.5    2021    UNDP      0.5556   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.8528
     Lithuania          Very High HCI 0.8861   99.83    2021   UNESCO     97.91   2021   UNESCO     16.4   2021    UNESCO    13.5    2021    UNDP      0.6111   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.9110
     Luxembourg         Very High HCI 0.7955     99     2014   UNESCO     78.38   2021   UNESCO     14.2   2021    UNESCO      13    2021    UNDP      0.6667   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.8466
     Madagascar          Middle HCI   0.4141   77.48    2022   UNESCO     58.57   2019   UNESCO     9.37   2019    UNESCO     5.1    2021    UNDP      0.2778   2024   UN-DESA    Middle EGDI   0.3235
     Malawi              Middle HCI   0.4749   68.08    2022   UNESCO     70.63   2011   UNESCO     12.7   2021     UNDP      4.5    2021    UNDP      0.3333   2024   UN-DESA    Middle EGDI   0.3753
     Malaysia             High HCI    0.7192   94.97    2019   UNESCO      75.4   2022   UNESCO    12.93   2021    UNESCO    10.6    2021    UNDP      0.6667   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.8111
     Maldives             High HCI     0.613   97.86    2021   UNESCO     70.61   2019   UNESCO    12.17   2019    UNESCO     7.3    2021    UNDP      0.4444   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.6745
     Mali                 Low HCI      0.125   30.76    2020   UNESCO     48.11   2017   UNESCO     7.12   2017    UNESCO     2.3    2021    UNDP          0    2024   UN-DESA    Middle EGDI   0.3005
     Malta              Very High HCI 0.8162   94.94    2021   UNESCO     91.56   2021   UNESCO    15.86   2021    UNESCO    12.2    2021    UNDP      0.5556   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.8886
     Marshall Islands   Very High HCI 0.7836   98.27    2011   UNESCO     97.79   2022   UNESCO    16.39   2022    UNESCO    10.9    2021    UNDP      0.2778   2024   UN-DESA    Middle EGDI   0.4823
     Mauritania          Middle HCI   0.2961   66.96    2021   UNESCO      49.7   2020   UNESCO     8.05   2020    UNESCO     4.9    2021    UNDP      0.0556   2024   UN-DESA    Middle EGDI   0.3491
     Mauritius            High HCI    0.7456   92.15    2021   UNESCO     79.25   2020   UNESCO    14.61   2020    UNESCO    10.4    2021    UNDP      0.6667   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.7506
     Mexico             Very High HCI 0.7603   95.25    2020   UNESCO     84.79   2021   UNESCO    14.51   2021    UNESCO     9.2    2021    UNDP      0.7222   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.7850
     Micronesia
     (Federated           High HCI    0.5735     94     2014   UNESCO     75.28   2004   UNESCO     11.5   2021     UNDP      7.8    2021    UNDP      0.2222   2024   UN-DESA    Middle EGDI   0.3235
     States of)
     Monaco             Very High HCI 0.7515     99     2014   UNESCO       99    2014   UNESCO     11.8   2015     UNDP    11.27    2017    UNDP      0.4444   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.7175




57




                                                                                                                                                                                                         Technical
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Appendix
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Technical
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Appendix




58




     Table 10            (continued)


                                                     Adult Literacy (%)      Gross Enrollment Ratio   Expected Year of Schooling Mean Year of Schooling    E-government Iteracy
                                          HCI                                                                                                                                                      EGDI
      Country             HCI Group               Index                     Index                     Index                     Index                     Index                      EDGI Group
                                          2024             Year    Source            Year    Source            Year   Source            Year   Source              Year   Source                   2024
                                                  Value                     Value                     Value                     Value                     Value
      Mongolia           Very High HCI 0.7775     99.18    2020   UNESCO     89.95   2022   UNESCO       15   2021     UNDP      9.4    2021    UNDP      0.6111   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.8457
      Montenegro           High HCI       0.719   98.98    2021   UNESCO     83.76   2022   UNESCO    14.08   2022     UNDP     12.2    2021    UNDP      0.2222   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.7211
      Morocco              High HCI      0.6078   77.35    2022   UNESCO     86.69   2022   UNESCO    14.59   2022    UNESCO     5.9    2021    UNDP      0.3889   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.6841
                                                                                                                                                                                                              2024 UN E-Government Survey


      Mozambique          Middle HCI     0.3952   59.78    2020   UNESCO      67.2   2019   UNESCO    10.36   2017     UNDP      3.2    2021    UNDP      0.3889   2024   UN-DESA    Middle EGDI   0.2848
      Myanmar              High HCI      0.5081   89.07    2019   UNESCO     71.53   2019   UNESCO     11.5   2018    UNESCO     6.4    2021    UNDP      0.1111   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.5001
      Namibia              High HCI      0.5738   92.25    2021   UNESCO     71.31   2006   UNESCO     11.9   2021     UNDP      7.2    2021    UNDP      0.3333   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.6007
      Nauru                High HCI      0.5061     92     2014   UNESCO     59.59   2008   UNESCO     11.7   2021     UNDP     7.12    2017    UNDP      0.1667   2024   UN-DESA    Middle EGDI   0.4454
      Nepal                High HCI       0.521   71.15    2021   UNESCO     71.64   2022   UNESCO    12.64   2020    UNESCO     5.1    2021    UNDP         0.5   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.5781
      Netherlands        Very High HCI 0.9688       99     2014   UNESCO    103.75   2021   UNESCO    18.58   2021    UNESCO    12.6    2021    UNDP      0.9444   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.9538
      New Zealand        Very High HCI 0.9615       99     2014   UNESCO    112.05   2021   UNESCO    19.68   2021    UNESCO    12.9    2021    UNDP      0.7778   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.9265
      Nicaragua            High HCI       0.561   82.61    2015   UNESCO     69.69   2002   UNESCO     12.6   2021     UNDP      7.1    2021    UNDP      0.3889   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.5318
      Niger                Low HCI       0.1685    38.1    2022   UNESCO     41.04   2017   UNESCO     6.33   2017     UNDP      2.1    2021    UNDP      0.3333   2024   UN-DESA     Low EGDI     0.2116
      Nigeria             Middle HCI     0.4236   62.02    2018   UNESCO     56.06   2011   UNESCO     11.2   2021     UNDP      7.2    2021    UNDP      0.2778   2024   UN-DESA    Middle EGDI   0.4815
      North Macedonia      High HCI      0.7023   98.36    2020   UNESCO     71.25   2021   UNESCO       13   2021    UNESCO    10.2    2021    UNDP      0.6111   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.7070
      Norway             Very High HCI 0.9175       99     2014   UNESCO    105.35   2021   UNESCO    18.64   2021    UNESCO      13    2021    UNDP      0.6111   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.9315
      Oman               Very High HCI 0.7977     97.34    2022   UNESCO     80.91   2021   UNESCO    12.96   2021    UNESCO    11.7    2021    UNDP      0.6667   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.8576
      Pakistan            Middle HCI       0.35     58     2019   UNESCO     47.81   2021   UNESCO     7.64   2019    UNESCO     4.5    2021    UNDP      0.6111   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.5096
      Palau              Very High HCI    0.752   96.59    2015   UNESCO     93.42   2013   UNESCO     15.8   2021     UNDP     12.5    2021    UNDP      0.1111   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.5072
      Panama               High HCI      0.6866   95.74    2019   UNESCO     76.43   2016   UNESCO     13.1   2021     UNDP     10.5    2021    UNDP      0.4444   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.7298
      Papua New Guinea    Middle HCI     0.3984    61.6    2010   UNESCO     78.93   2012   UNESCO     10.4   2021     UNDP      4.7    2021    UNDP      0.0556   2024   UN-DESA    Middle EGDI   0.3076
      Paraguay             High HCI      0.7093   94.54    2020   UNESCO     70.77   2010   UNESCO       13   2021     UNDP      8.9    2021    UNDP      0.8333   2024   UN-DESA     High EGDI    0.7251
      Peru                 High HCI      0.7469    94.5    2020   UNESCO     90.82   2017   UNESCO     14.5   2017    UNESCO     9.9    2021    UNDP         0.5   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.8070
      Philippines          High HCI      0.7256   96.28    2019   UNESCO     75.41   2021   UNESCO    12.78   2020    UNESCO       9    2021    UNDP      0.8333   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.7621
      Poland             Very High HCI 0.8304      99.8    2021   UNESCO     96.22   2021   UNESCO    15.93   2021    UNESCO    13.2    2021    UNDP      0.3889   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.8648
      Portugal           Very High HCI 0.8389     96.78    2021   UNESCO     99.33   2021   UNESCO    16.82   2021    UNESCO     9.6    2021    UNDP      0.6667   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.8415
      Qatar                High HCI      0.7114   93.46    2017   UNESCO     75.51   2020   UNESCO    13.26   2020    UNESCO      10    2021    UNDP      0.6667   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.8244
      Republic of Korea Very High HCI     0.912    98.8    2018   UNESCO     99.06   2021   UNESCO    16.51   2021    UNESCO    12.5    2021    UNDP      0.8333   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.9679
      Republic of
                         Very High HCI 0.7776      99.6    2021   UNESCO     90.99   2022   UNESCO    14.91   2022    UNESCO    11.8    2021    UNDP      0.3889   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.7719
      Moldova
      Romania              High HCI      0.7439    98.9    2021   UNESCO     81.33   2021   UNESCO    14.51   2021    UNESCO    11.3    2021    UNDP      0.4444   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.7636
      Russian
                         Very High HCI 0.8319     99.93    2021   UNESCO     97.61   2019   UNESCO    15.52   2019    UNESCO    12.8    2021    UNDP      0.4444   2024   UN-DESA   Very High EGDI 0.8532
      Federation
     Table 10           (continued)


                                                    Adult Literacy (%)      Gross Enrollment Ratio   Expected Year of Schooling Mean Year of Schooling    E-government Iteracy
                                         HCI                                                                                                                                                      EGDI
      Country            HCI Group               Index                     Index                     Index                     Index                     Index                     EDGI Group
                                         2024             Year    Source            Year    Source            Year   Source            Year   Source              Year   Source                   2024
                                                 Value                     Value                     Value                     Value                     Value
      Rwanda              High HCI      0.5467    75.9    2021   UNESCO     68.55   2022   UNESCO    11.38   2022    UNESCO     4.4    2021    UNDP      0.7778   2024   UN-DESA    High EGDI     0.5799
      Saint Kitts and
                          High HCI      0.7202    97.8    2014   UNESCO      100    2015   UNESCO     15.4   2021     UNDP      8.7    2021    UNDP      0.1667   2024   UN-DESA High EGDI        0.6305
      Nevis
      Saint Lucia         High HCI      0.6037    94.8    2014   UNESCO     71.29   2022   UNESCO    12.73   2022    UNESCO     8.5    2021    UNDP      0.2778   2024   UN-DESA High EGDI        0.5255
      Saint Vincent
      and the             High HCI      0.6956    88.1    2014   UNESCO     83.56   2015   UNESCO     14.7   2021     UNDP     10.8    2021    UNDP      0.3333   2024   UN-DESA High EGDI        0.5876
      Grenadines
      Samoa               High HCI      0.6453    99.1    2021   UNESCO     71.33   2000   UNESCO     12.4   2021     UNDP     11.4    2021    UNDP      0.2222   2024   UN-DESA Middle EGDI      0.4899
     San Marino           High HCI      0.6587   99.92    2018   UNESCO     68.16   2022   UNESCO     12.4   2022    UNESCO    10.8    2021    UNDP      0.3889   2024   UN-DESA High EGDI        0.6551
     Sao Tome and
                          High HCI      0.5928   93.75    2022   UNESCO      76.9   2015   UNESCO     13.4   2021     UNDP      6.2    2021    UNDP      0.2778   2024   UN-DESA Middle EGDI      0.4308
     Principe
     Saudi Arabia       Very High HCI 0.9067     97.59    2020   UNESCO     96.81   2020   UNESCO     16.1   2021     UNDP     11.3    2021    UNDP          1    2024   UN-DESA Very High EGDI   0.9602
     Senegal             Middle HCI      0.338   57.67    2022   UNESCO     54.37   2022   UNESCO     9.14   2022    UNESCO     2.9    2021    UNDP      0.4444   2024   UN-DESA High EGDI        0.5162
     Serbia             Very High HCI 0.8094     99.48    2019   UNESCO     86.19   2022   UNESCO     14.5   2022     UNDP     11.4    2021    UNDP      0.7222   2024   UN-DESA Very High EGDI   0.8618
     Seychelles           High HCI      0.6769    96.2    2020   UNESCO     79.47   2022   UNESCO    13.89   2022    UNESCO    10.3    2021    UNDP      0.2778   2024   UN-DESA High EGDI        0.6773
     Sierra Leone        Middle HCI     0.2718   48.64    2022   UNESCO     41.15   2001   UNESCO      9.8   2021     UNDP      4.6    2021    UNDP      0.2222   2024   UN-DESA Middle EGDI      0.3042
     Singapore          Very High HCI 0.9362     97.13    2020   UNESCO     118.1   2021   UNESCO     16.9   2021    UNESCO    11.9    2021    UNDP          1    2024   UN-DESA Very High EGDI   0.9691
     Slovakia           Very High HCI 0.7982      99.6    2015   UNESCO     83.21   2021   UNESCO    14.72   2021    UNESCO    12.9    2021    UNDP      0.5556   2024   UN-DESA Very High EGDI   0.8021
     Slovenia           Very High HCI    0.853    99.7    2014   UNESCO     98.18   2021   UNESCO    17.41   2021    UNESCO    12.8    2021    UNDP      0.3333   2024   UN-DESA Very High EGDI   0.8759
     Solomon Islands     Middle HCI     0.4262    76.6    2009   UNESCO     55.39   2007   UNESCO     10.3   2021     UNDP      5.7    2021    UNDP      0.2778   2024   UN-DESA Middle EGDI      0.3681
     Somalia              Low HCI           0    41.03    2022   UNESCO       17    2014   UNESCO      2.4   2013     UNDP     0.97     ---    UNDP      0.1667   2024   UN-DESA Low EGDI         0.1468
     South Africa       Very High HCI 0.8026       90     2021   UNESCO     84.35   2021   UNESCO    14.26   2021     UNDP     11.4    2021    UNDP      0.8889   2024   UN-DESA Very High EGDI   0.8616
     South Sudan          Low HCI       0.1521   34.52    2018   UNESCO       38    2014   UNESCO      5.5   2021     UNDP      5.7    2021    UNDP      0.1111   2024   UN-DESA Low EGDI         0.1191
      Spain             Very High HCI 0.8961     98.59    2020   UNESCO    106.95   2021   UNESCO    17.81   2021    UNESCO    10.6    2021    UNDP      0.7778   2024   UN-DESA Very High EGDI   0.9206
      Sri Lanka           High HCI       0.657   92.43    2021   UNESCO     75.34   2021   UNESCO    13.58   2018    UNESCO    10.8    2021    UNDP      0.2778   2024   UN-DESA High EGDI        0.6667
      Sudan              Middle HCI     0.2593    60.7    2018   UNESCO     49.69   2015   UNESCO      7.9   2021     UNDP      3.8    2021    UNDP      0.0556   2024   UN-DESA Middle EGDI      0.2759
      Suriname            High HCI      0.5568     95     2021   UNESCO     60.85   2021   UNESCO    10.96   2021     UNDP      9.8    2021    UNDP      0.2222   2024   UN-DESA High EGDI        0.6365
      Sweden            Very High HCI 0.9275       99     2014   UNESCO    117.47   2021   UNESCO    19.04   2021    UNESCO    12.6    2021    UNDP      0.6667   2024   UN-DESA Very High EGDI   0.9326
     Switzerland        Very High HCI 0.9026       99     2014   UNESCO      94.6   2021   UNESCO    16.58   2021    UNESCO    13.9    2021    UNDP      0.7222   2024   UN-DESA Very High EGDI   0.9003
     Syrian Arab
                         Middle HCI     0.4169    86.3    2014   UNESCO     55.11   2013   UNESCO      9.2   2021     UNDP      5.1    2021    UNDP      0.2222   2024   UN-DESA Middle EGDI      0.3888
     Republic
     Tajikistan           High HCI      0.6531    99.8    2014   UNESCO     70.93   2013   UNESCO     11.7   2021     UNDP     11.3    2021    UNDP      0.3333   2024   UN-DESA High EGDI        0.5606




59




                                                                                                                                                                                                           Technical
                                                                                                                                                                                                           Appendix
                                                                                                                                                                                                           Technical
                                                                                                                                                                                                           Appendix




60




     Table 10           (continued)


                                                    Adult Literacy (%)      Gross Enrollment Ratio   Expected Year of Schooling Mean Year of Schooling    E-government Iteracy
                                         HCI                                                                                                                                                      EGDI
     Country             HCI Group               Index                     Index                     Index                     Index                     Index                     EDGI Group
                                         2024             Year    Source            Year    Source            Year   Source            Year   Source              Year   Source                   2024
                                                 Value                     Value                     Value                     Value                     Value
     Thailand           Very High HCI 0.8032      94.1    2021   UNESCO      87.5   2023   UNESCO    15.58   2020     UNDP      8.7    2021    UNDP      0.8889   2024   UN-DESA Very High EGDI   0.8351
     Timor-Leste          High HCI      0.5104    69.9    2020   UNESCO     77.01   2010   UNESCO     12.6   2021     UNDP      5.4    2021    UNDP      0.3333   2024   UN-DESA Middle EGDI      0.4020
     Togo                Middle HCI     0.4813   66.54    2019   UNESCO     75.88   2017   UNESCO    12.57   2017    UNESCO       5    2021    UNDP      0.2778   2024   UN-DESA Middle EGDI      0.3920
                                                                                                                                                                                                             2024 UN E-Government Survey


     Tonga                High HCI      0.7488    99.4    2021   UNESCO      92.6   2020   UNESCO    16.29   2020    UNESCO    11.4    2021    UNDP      0.1111   2024   UN-DESA High EGDI        0.5164
     Trinidad and
                          High HCI      0.7174    98.7    2010   UNESCO      67.3   2004   UNESCO     14.5   2021     UNDP     11.6    2021    UNDP         0.5   2024   UN-DESA High EGDI        0.6973
     Tobago
     Tunisia              High HCI      0.6497   83.56    2022   UNESCO     82.74   2016   UNESCO     15.4   2021     UNDP      7.4    2021    UNDP      0.3889   2024   UN-DESA High EGDI        0.6935
     Türkiye            Very High HCI 0.9192     96.74    2019   UNESCO     114.9   2021   UNESCO    19.68   2021    UNESCO     8.6    2021    UNDP      0.9444   2024   UN-DESA Very High EGDI   0.8913
     Turkmenistan         High HCI      0.6614    99.7    2014   UNESCO     82.46   2022   UNESCO    13.24   2022    UNESCO    11.3    2021    UNDP      0.0556   2024   UN-DESA Middle EGDI      0.4757
     Tuvalu               High HCI      0.5463     98     2014   UNESCO     65.37   2001   UNESCO      9.4   2021     UNDP     10.6    2021    UNDP      0.1111   2024   UN-DESA Middle EGDI      0.4042
     Uganda               High HCI      0.5023   80.59    2022   UNESCO     68.94   2004   UNESCO     10.1   2021     UNDP      5.7    2021    UNDP      0.4444   2024   UN-DESA Middle EGDI      0.4464
     Ukraine            Very High HCI    0.824    100     2021   UNESCO     85.22   2021   UNESCO    13.33   2021    UNESCO    11.1    2021    UNDP      0.9444   2024   UN-DESA Very High EGDI   0.8841
     United Arab
                        Very High HCI 0.9436     98.29    2022   UNESCO     95.49   2020   UNESCO    17.21   2020    UNESCO    12.7    2021    UNDP          1    2024   UN-DESA Very High EGDI   0.9533
     Emirates
     United Kingdom
     of Great Britain
                        Very High HCI    0.945     99     2014   UNESCO     99.47   2021   UNESCO    17.63   2021    UNESCO    13.4    2021    UNDP      0.8333   2024   UN-DESA Very High EGDI   0.9577
     and Northern
     Ireland
     United Republic
                         Middle HCI     0.4399   82.02    2022   UNESCO     53.69   2021   UNESCO     8.59   2021    UNESCO     6.4    2021    UNDP      0.3889   2024   UN-DESA Middle EGDI      0.4327
     of Tanzania
     United States of
                        Very High HCI 0.8842       99     2014   UNESCO     96.96   2021   UNESCO    16.41   2021    UNESCO    13.7    2021    UNDP      0.6111   2024   UN-DESA Very High EGDI   0.9194
     America
     Uruguay            Very High HCI 0.8749     98.77    2019   UNESCO    101.98   2021   UNESCO    17.35   2021    UNESCO       9    2021    UNDP      0.8333   2024   UN-DESA Very High EGDI   0.9006
     Uzbekistan         Very High HCI    0.758    100     2022   UNESCO     78.88   2023   UNESCO    11.99   2021    UNESCO    11.9    2021    UNDP      0.7222   2024   UN-DESA Very High EGDI   0.7999
     Vanuatu              High HCI      0.5347    89.1    2021   UNESCO      63.5   2004   UNESCO     11.5   2021     UNDP      7.1    2021    UNDP      0.3333   2024   UN-DESA High EGDI        0.5427
     Venezuela
     (Bolivarian          High HCI      0.7115    96.6    2022   UNESCO     89.57   2009   UNESCO     12.8   2021     UNDP     11.1    2021    UNDP      0.3333   2024   UN-DESA High EGDI        0.5360
     Republic of)
     Viet Nam             High HCI      0.7267   95.75    2019   UNESCO      91.9   2022   UNESCO       13   2021     UNDP      8.4    2021    UNDP      0.6111   2024   UN-DESA Very High EGDI   0.7709
     Yemen               Middle HCI      0.267    54.1    2004   UNESCO     55.52   2011   UNESCO      9.1   2021     UNDP      3.2    2021    UNDP      0.0556   2024   UN-DESA Low EGDI         0.2317
     Zambia               High HCI      0.6225    87.5    2020   UNESCO       85     ---   UNESCO     10.9   2021     UNDP      7.2    2021    UNDP      0.5556   2024   UN-DESA High EGDI        0.5424
     Zimbabwe             High HCI      0.5395   89.85    2022   UNESCO     66.25   2013   UNESCO     12.1   2021     UNDP      8.7    2021    UNDP      0.1111   2024   UN-DESA Middle EGDI      0.4481
     Table 11      Telecommunications Infrastructure Index (TII) and its components


                                                        Percentage                                               Percentage
                                                                         Percentage      Percentage of Mobile                     Percentage of
                                                         of Mobile                                                 of Fixed-
                                                                        of Individuals   data and voice high-                     Active mobile-
     Country                  TII Group      TII 2024     cellular                                                broadband                         EDGI Group      EGDI 2024
                                                                          using the      consumption basket                        broadband
                                                         telephone                                              Internet basket
                                                                          Internet              price                             subscriptions
                                                        subscriptions                                                price
     Afghanistan               Low TII       0.2167          55.51           17.60               20.39             14.96              55.51          Low EGDI         0.2083
     Albania                 Very High TII   0.7750          97.89           82.61                1.45              1.27              75.30        Very High EGDI     0.8000
     Algeria                 Very High TII   0.8129         109.17           71.24                2.42              3.87              99.68          High EGDI        0.5956
     Andorra                 Very High TII   0.9231         120.00           94.49                1.10              2.30              95.21          High EGDI        0.6893
     Angola                   Middle TII     0.3724          66.69           39.29                4.49             12.18              26.27         Middle EGDI       0.4149
     Antigua and Barbuda     Very High TII   0.7943         120.00           91.41                3.02              4.83              51.50          High EGDI        0.6428
     Argentina               Very High TII   0.8425         120.00           88.38                1.00              5.66              72.90        Very High EGDI     0.8573
     Armenia                 Very High TII   0.8782         120.00           77.03                1.00              4.20             102.05        Very High EGDI     0.8422
     Australia               Very High TII   0.9509         109.56           94.88                1.00              1.21             120.00        Very High EGDI     0.9577
     Austria                 Very High TII   0.9810         120.00           93.61                1.00              1.00             120.00        Very High EGDI     0.9065
     Azerbaijan              Very High TII   0.8203         107.00           88.20                1.81              1.75              77.11        Very High EGDI     0.7607
     Bahamas                 Very High TII   0.8652          98.54           94.41                1.09              1.58              98.54          High EGDI        0.7143
     Bahrain                 Very High TII   0.9877         120.00          100.00                1.70              2.96             120.00        Very High EGDI     0.9196
     Bangladesh                High TII      0.6501         108.71           44.50                1.40              1.54              55.92          High EGDI        0.6570
     Barbados                Very High TII   0.7624         114.86           76.21                3.59              3.56              64.81          High EGDI        0.6815
     Belarus                 Very High TII   0.9156         120.00           89.51                1.57              1.00              97.76          High EGDI        0.7445
     Belgium                 Very High TII   0.8698         102.00           94.01                1.00              1.00              94.89        Very High EGDI     0.8121
     Belize                    High TII      0.5292          66.00           70.35                3.85              6.98              44.20         Middle EGDI       0.4872
     Benin                    Middle TII     0.4817         108.97           33.76               12.55             22.96              67.22         Middle EGDI       0.4578
     Bhutan                  Very High TII   0.8169          94.89           86.84                2.19              2.87              98.01          High EGDI        0.6511
     Bolivia                   High TII      0.7089          99.60           73.28                7.36              8.30              86.70          High EGDI        0.6651




61




                                                                                                                                                                                Technical
                                                                                                                                                                                Appendix
                                                                                                                                                                                     Technical
                                                                                                                                                                                     Appendix




62




     Table 11       (continued)


                                                             Percentage                                               Percentage
                                                                              Percentage      Percentage of Mobile                     Percentage of
                                                              of Mobile                                                 of Fixed-
                                                                             of Individuals   data and voice high-                     Active mobile-
     Country                       TII Group      TII 2024     cellular                                                broadband                         EDGI Group      EGDI 2024
                                                                               using the      consumption basket                        broadband
                                                              telephone                                              Internet basket
                                                                               Internet              price                             subscriptions
                                                             subscriptions                                                price
                                                                                                                                                                                       2024 UN E-Government Survey


     Bosnia and Herzegovina       Very High TII   0.7763         117.89           83.38                2.33             10.09              64.89          High EGDI        0.6329
     Botswana                     Very High TII   0.8649         120.00           77.33                3.19              7.39             108.16          High EGDI        0.6118
     Brazil                       Very High TII   0.8069          98.89           80.53                1.00              3.05              93.06        Very High EGDI     0.8403
     Brunei Darussalam            Very High TII   0.9868         117.76           99.00                1.00              1.20             118.82        Very High EGDI     0.7554
     Bulgaria                     Very High TII   0.9171         117.44           79.13                1.00              1.52             115.59        Very High EGDI     0.8145
     Burkina Faso                  Middle TII     0.3640         112.00           19.92               18.29             31.07              60.90         Middle EGDI       0.2895
     Burundi                        Low TII       0.0330          58.14           11.28               20.39             32.12               8.33          Low EGDI         0.2480
     Cabo Verde                     High TII      0.6128          99.23           72.10               20.12              2.85              74.59          High EGDI        0.6238
     Cambodia                     Very High TII   0.7609         116.33           56.73                3.10             11.61             101.97          High EGDI        0.5754
     Cameroon                      Middle TII     0.3700          88.92           43.86               15.93             19.78              36.04         Middle EGDI       0.4294
     Canada                       Very High TII   0.8078          92.11           94.00                1.00              1.05              81.04        Very High EGDI     0.8452
     Central African Republic       Low TII       0.0000          33.60            7.51               20.39             16.43               5.22          Low EGDI         0.0947
     Chad                           Low TII       0.1194          68.14           12.18               20.39             16.43               3.40          Low EGDI         0.1785
     Chile                        Very High TII   0.9455         120.00           90.68                1.00              1.83             109.48        Very High EGDI     0.8827
     China                        Very High TII   0.8995         120.00           75.61                1.00              1.00             107.84        Very High EGDI     0.8718
     Colombia                     Very High TII   0.8065         120.00           72.80                1.50              3.80              76.17        Very High EGDI     0.7793
     Comoros                       Middle TII     0.3537         100.24           16.40               14.09             29.15              61.53         Middle EGDI       0.2586
     Congo                         Middle TII     0.2776          94.64           36.25               15.64             30.96              15.80         Middle EGDI       0.3391
     Costa Rica                   Very High TII   0.8933         120.00           82.60                1.00              1.64              96.55        Very High EGDI     0.8009
     Croatia                        High TII      0.6693         120.00           38.41                5.88             12.98              91.38        Very High EGDI     0.8818
     Cuba                         Very High TII   0.9180         111.17           82.07                1.00              1.00             120.00         Middle EGDI       0.4921
     Cyprus                         High TII      0.5318          67.78           73.22                5.03              6.79              42.20        Very High EGDI     0.8619
     Czechia                      Very High TII   0.8941         120.00           89.60                1.00              1.00              86.10        Very High EGDI     0.8239
     Table 11        (continued)


                                                              Percentage                                               Percentage
                                                                               Percentage      Percentage of Mobile                     Percentage of
                                                               of Mobile                                                 of Fixed-
                                                                              of Individuals   data and voice high-                     Active mobile-
     Country                        TII Group      TII 2024     cellular                                                broadband                         EDGI Group      EGDI 2024
                                                                                using the      consumption basket                        broadband
                                                               telephone                                              Internet basket
                                                                                Internet              price                             subscriptions
                                                              subscriptions                                                price
     Côte d'Ivoire                 Very High TII   0.9204         120.00           84.54                1.00              1.00             105.03          High EGDI        0.5587
     Democratic People's
                                     Low TII       0.1745          23.10            0.00                1.29              1.07              23.10          Low EGDI         0.2320
     Republic of Korea
     Democratic Republic of
                                     Low TII       0.1591          50.34           27.24               20.39             16.43              26.19         Middle EGDI       0.2715
     the Congo
     Denmark                       Very High TII   0.9966         120.00           98.78                1.00              1.00             120.00        Very High EGDI     0.9847
     Djibouti                       Middle TII     0.3840          47.46           65.03               10.36              8.77              35.61         Middle EGDI       0.2911
     Dominica                        High TII      0.6757          85.90           83.38                5.86              5.57              67.80          High EGDI        0.5445
     Dominican Republic              High TII      0.7444          90.39           89.03                3.32              2.66              71.64          High EGDI        0.7013
     Ecuador                         High TII      0.6833          97.17           72.69                2.97              4.74              59.43        Very High EGDI     0.7800
     Egypt                           High TII      0.6946          92.01           72.20                1.60              2.79              64.83          High EGDI        0.6699
     El Salvador                   Very High TII   0.7526         120.00           62.89                2.90              6.67              74.85          High EGDI        0.5988
     Equatorial Guinea              Middle TII     0.2532          53.34           66.82               19.50             12.86               0.89         Middle EGDI       0.2855
     Eritrea                         Low TII       0.1405          49.70           26.59               12.87             32.12              25.00          Low EGDI         0.1576
     Estonia                       Very High TII   0.9731         120.00           91.02                1.00              1.00             120.00        Very High EGDI     0.9727
     Eswatini                      Very High TII   0.7851         120.00           58.25                4.65             13.37             113.53          High EGDI        0.6081
     Ethiopia                       Middle TII     0.2659          57.89           19.38                4.92             16.34              26.91         Middle EGDI       0.3111
     Fiji                          Very High TII   0.7507         107.00           85.22               10.39              1.80              76.10          High EGDI        0.6754
     Finland                       Very High TII   0.9791         120.00           93.00                1.00              1.00             120.00        Very High EGDI     0.9575
     France                        Very High TII   0.9228         118.85           85.33                1.00              1.18             107.00        Very High EGDI     0.8744
     Gabon                         Very High TII   0.8263         120.00           73.70                2.89              7.23              94.40          High EGDI        0.5741
     Gambia                         Middle TII     0.3877         101.00           54.19               20.39             33.04              50.30         Middle EGDI       0.2552
     Georgia                       Very High TII   0.9071         120.00           78.71                1.17              2.35             110.00        Very High EGDI     0.7792




63




                                                                                                                                                                                      Technical
                                                                                                                                                                                      Appendix
                                                                                                                                                                                      Technical
                                                                                                                                                                                      Appendix




64




     Table 11        (continued)


                                                              Percentage                                               Percentage
                                                                               Percentage      Percentage of Mobile                     Percentage of
                                                               of Mobile                                                 of Fixed-
                                                                              of Individuals   data and voice high-                     Active mobile-
     Country                        TII Group      TII 2024     cellular                                                broadband                         EDGI Group      EGDI 2024
                                                                                using the      consumption basket                        broadband
                                                               telephone                                              Internet basket
                                                                                Internet              price                             subscriptions
                                                              subscriptions                                                price
                                                                                                                                                                                        2024 UN E-Government Survey


     Germany                       Very High TII   0.9236         120.00           92.48                1.00              1.00              95.54        Very High EGDI     0.9382
     Ghana                           High TII      0.7281         119.62           69.84                3.74             12.76              68.38          High EGDI        0.6317
     Greece                        Very High TII   0.8657         109.32           83.17                1.35              1.88             100.10        Very High EGDI     0.8674
     Grenada                         High TII      0.6767          81.10           79.90                5.17              4.89              76.60          High EGDI        0.6458
     Guatemala                       High TII      0.5843         115.18           54.40                3.12              6.26              17.00          High EGDI        0.5738
     Guinea                         Middle TII     0.4323         102.00           33.92                9.32             11.29              23.40         Middle EGDI       0.4006
     Guinea-Bissau                  Middle TII     0.4902         120.00           31.57                7.97             33.04              62.50         Middle EGDI       0.3083
     Guyana                          High TII      0.6942         106.00           85.32                3.46              3.65              33.80          High EGDI        0.5443
     Haiti                           Low TII       0.2087          63.90           39.30               15.62             33.04              28.20          Low EGDI         0.2116
     Honduras                       Middle TII     0.4799          76.08           59.71                9.45             12.76              49.78         Middle EGDI       0.4856
     Hungary                       Very High TII   0.8282         103.00           89.14                1.11              1.00              81.59        Very High EGDI     0.8043
     Iceland                       Very High TII   0.9983         120.00           99.86                1.00              1.40             120.00        Very High EGDI     0.9671
     India                           High TII      0.5700          80.65           48.08                1.11              2.80              56.36          High EGDI        0.6678
     Indonesia                     Very High TII   0.8645         120.00           66.48                1.71              6.13             116.00        Very High EGDI     0.7991
     Iran (Islamic Republic of)    Very High TII   0.8987         120.00           81.72                4.20              4.91             116.00          High EGDI        0.6564
     Iraq                            High TII      0.6874          98.18           78.72                2.55              2.54              46.18         Middle EGDI       0.4572
     Ireland                       Very High TII   0.9599         113.00           95.59                1.00              1.46             118.60        Very High EGDI     0.9138
     Israel                        Very High TII   0.9763         120.00           92.09                1.00              1.00             120.00        Very High EGDI     0.9014
     Italy                         Very High TII   0.9017         120.00           85.06                1.00              1.06              95.91        Very High EGDI     0.8356
     Jamaica                         High TII      0.7296         106.20           85.12                5.81              8.91              66.67          High EGDI        0.6678
     Japan                         Very High TII   0.9509         120.00           84.92                1.49              1.09             120.00        Very High EGDI     0.9351
     Jordan                          High TII      0.6499          67.57           90.50                3.54              6.71              67.57          High EGDI        0.6849
     Kazakhstan                    Very High TII   0.9235         120.00           92.30                1.14              1.00              96.18        Very High EGDI     0.9009
     Table 11        (continued)


                                                              Percentage                                               Percentage
                                                                               Percentage      Percentage of Mobile                     Percentage of
                                                               of Mobile                                                 of Fixed-
                                                                              of Individuals   data and voice high-                     Active mobile-
     Country                        TII Group      TII 2024     cellular                                                broadband                         EDGI Group      EGDI 2024
                                                                                using the      consumption basket                        broadband
                                                               telephone                                              Internet basket
                                                                                Internet              price                             subscriptions
                                                              subscriptions                                                price
     Kenya                           High TII      0.5901         120.00           40.81                5.96             16.61              59.02          High EGDI        0.6314
     Kiribati                       Middle TII     0.3544          48.83           54.42               15.05              8.34              48.42         Middle EGDI       0.4572
     Kuwait                        Very High TII   0.9988         120.00           99.75                1.00              1.18             120.00        Very High EGDI     0.7812
     Kyrgyzstan                    Very High TII   0.8815         112.17           79.77                2.73              6.22             120.00          High EGDI        0.7316
     Lao People's Democratic
                                     High TII      0.5338          65.00           66.15                8.21              1.18              56.40         Middle EGDI       0.4404
     Republic
     Latvia                        Very High TII   0.9660         117.10           92.19                1.00              1.37             120.00        Very High EGDI     0.8852
     Lebanon                         High TII      0.6425          76.70           90.05               15.38              1.03              77.80          High EGDI        0.5449
     Lesotho                        Middle TII     0.4643          67.52           47.04               11.66              6.10              67.12         Middle EGDI       0.4123
     Liberia                         Low TII       0.1238          31.80           30.13               20.39             28.61              54.99         Middle EGDI       0.2513
     Libya                         Very High TII   0.9639         120.00           88.43                1.20              1.00             120.00          High EGDI        0.5466
     Liechtenstein                 Very High TII   0.9906         120.00           96.80                1.00              1.00             120.00        Very High EGDI     0.8528
     Lithuania                     Very High TII   0.9631         120.00           87.72                1.00              1.00             120.00        Very High EGDI     0.9110
     Luxembourg                    Very High TII   0.9888         120.00           99.35                1.00              1.00             115.65        Very High EGDI     0.8466
     Madagascar                      Low TII       0.1518          66.55           20.58               15.54             33.04              24.08         Middle EGDI       0.3235
     Malawi                          Low TII       0.1886          60.13           27.66               14.91             33.04              38.34         Middle EGDI       0.3753
     Malaysia                      Very High TII   0.9862         120.00           97.40                1.05              2.48             120.00        Very High EGDI     0.8111
     Maldives                      Very High TII   0.7886         120.00           83.91                2.54              2.54              53.61          High EGDI        0.6745
     Mali                           Middle TII     0.4432         114.50           33.05               17.01             24.05              58.48         Middle EGDI       0.3005
     Malta                         Very High TII   0.9747         120.00           91.54                1.00              1.00             120.00        Very High EGDI     0.8886
     Marshall Islands               Middle TII     0.3047          38.00           73.22                7.90             11.87               0.00         Middle EGDI       0.4823
     Mauritania                      High TII      0.5824         113.12           44.36                8.64             19.19              73.42         Middle EGDI       0.3491
     Mauritius                     Very High TII   0.9159         120.00           75.50                1.38              1.42             117.33        Very High EGDI     0.7506




65




                                                                                                                                                                                      Technical
                                                                                                                                                                                      Appendix
                                                                                                                                                                                    Technical
                                                                                                                                                                                    Appendix




66




     Table 11      (continued)


                                                            Percentage                                               Percentage
                                                                             Percentage      Percentage of Mobile                     Percentage of
                                                             of Mobile                                                 of Fixed-
                                                                            of Individuals   data and voice high-                     Active mobile-
     Country                      TII Group      TII 2024     cellular                                                broadband                         EDGI Group      EGDI 2024
                                                                              using the      consumption basket                        broadband
                                                             telephone                                              Internet basket
                                                                              Internet              price                             subscriptions
                                                            subscriptions                                                price
                                                                                                                                                                                      2024 UN E-Government Survey


     Mexico                      Very High TII   0.8310         107.00           78.63                1.22              2.13              94.01        Very High EGDI     0.7850
     Micronesia (Federated
                                   Low TII       0.1350          19.40           40.54               12.99              6.19               0.00         Middle EGDI       0.3235
     States of)
     Monaco                      Very High TII   0.9171         106.82           98.38                1.00              1.00             103.40          High EGDI        0.7175
     Mongolia                    Very High TII   0.9374         120.00           83.91                1.88              1.71             117.61        Very High EGDI     0.8457
     Montenegro                  Very High TII   0.9229         120.00           88.22                1.04              1.73             102.53          High EGDI        0.7211
     Morocco                     Very High TII   0.8827         120.00           90.65                2.29              3.84              88.64          High EGDI        0.6841
     Mozambique                    Low TII       0.0632          45.38           21.21               18.70             33.04              23.16         Middle EGDI       0.2848
     Myanmar                       High TII      0.6662         106.70           48.10                4.93             15.33              97.09          High EGDI        0.5001
     Namibia                       High TII      0.7288         113.20           62.22                2.57              8.70              77.41          High EGDI        0.6007
     Nauru                         High TII      0.5863          79.90           82.67                1.49             10.29              32.00         Middle EGDI       0.4454
     Nepal                       Very High TII   0.7653         120.00           49.56                3.00              1.06              89.05          High EGDI        0.5781
     Netherlands                 Very High TII   0.9715         118.07           92.52                1.00              1.00             120.00        Very High EGDI     0.9538
     New Zealand                 Very High TII   0.8728         115.00           95.73                1.00             12.53              96.18        Very High EGDI     0.9265
     Nicaragua                     High TII      0.5851         101.01           61.05                6.06             20.75              64.00          High EGDI        0.5318
     Niger                         Low TII       0.1578          56.40           16.94               12.17             28.61              28.00          Low EGDI         0.2116
     Nigeria                      Middle TII     0.4836         102.00           35.46                3.54             19.33              41.36         Middle EGDI       0.4815
     North Macedonia             Very High TII   0.7546          97.83           84.23                2.16              3.23              69.66          High EGDI        0.7070
     Norway                      Very High TII   0.9654         112.12           99.00                1.00              1.12             117.06        Very High EGDI     0.9315
     Oman                        Very High TII   0.9674         120.00           97.85                1.99              3.66             115.91        Very High EGDI     0.8576
     Pakistan                     Middle TII     0.4745          81.75           32.95                1.51             12.72              51.54          High EGDI        0.5096
     Palau                        Middle TII     0.4910         120.00           27.00                2.08              5.00               0.00          High EGDI        0.5072
     Panama                      Very High TII   0.8523         120.00           73.61                1.87              3.75              96.85          High EGDI        0.7298
     Table 11       (continued)


                                                             Percentage                                               Percentage
                                                                              Percentage      Percentage of Mobile                     Percentage of
                                                              of Mobile                                                 of Fixed-
                                                                             of Individuals   data and voice high-                     Active mobile-
     Country                       TII Group      TII 2024     cellular                                                broadband                         EDGI Group      EGDI 2024
                                                                               using the      consumption basket                        broadband
                                                              telephone                                              Internet basket
                                                                               Internet              price                             subscriptions
                                                             subscriptions                                                price
     Papua New Guinea               Low TII       0.1851          48.40           26.99               13.23             12.02              11.10         Middle EGDI       0.3076
     Paraguay                     Very High TII   0.7947         120.00           76.35                3.03              4.00              70.95          High EGDI        0.7251
     Peru                         Very High TII   0.8364         120.00           74.68                1.39              2.99              85.30        Very High EGDI     0.8070
     Philippines                  Very High TII   0.7554         120.00           72.26                2.32             11.26              69.81        Very High EGDI     0.7621
     Poland                       Very High TII   0.9603         120.00           86.94                1.00              1.09             120.00        Very High EGDI     0.8648
     Portugal                     Very High TII   0.8979         120.00           84.50                1.00              1.48              95.74        Very High EGDI     0.8415
     Qatar                        Very High TII   0.9963         120.00          100.00                1.00              1.99             120.00        Very High EGDI     0.8244
     Republic of Korea            Very High TII   0.9917         120.00           97.20                1.00              1.03             120.00        Very High EGDI     0.9679
     Republic of Moldova          Very High TII   0.8118         120.00           63.53                1.00              1.99              86.45        Very High EGDI     0.7719
     Romania                      Very High TII   0.8922         118.11           85.50                1.00              1.00              93.63        Very High EGDI     0.7636
     Russian Federation           Very High TII   0.9512         120.00           90.42                1.00              1.00             110.89        Very High EGDI     0.8532
     Rwanda                        Middle TII     0.3724          79.86           34.44                7.13             33.04              60.10          High EGDI        0.5799
     Saint Kitts and Nevis        Very High TII   0.8675         119.00           76.46                2.47              3.15             102.00          High EGDI        0.6305
     Saint Lucia                    High TII      0.6498          95.60           74.19                5.39              4.73              51.80          High EGDI        0.5255
     Saint Vincent and the
                                    High TII      0.6767         100.46           77.74                6.29              6.71              58.54          High EGDI        0.5876
     Grenadines
     Samoa                         Middle TII     0.4606          60.40           75.29                5.31             15.10              33.65         Middle EGDI       0.4899
     San Marino                   Very High TII   0.9491         120.00           85.06                1.10              2.30             120.00          High EGDI        0.6551
     Sao Tome and Principe         Middle TII     0.4839          86.37           56.99                7.78             15.57              40.58         Middle EGDI       0.4308
     Saudi Arabia                 Very High TII   0.9841         120.00          100.00                1.34              4.47             120.00        Very High EGDI     0.9602
     Senegal                        High TII      0.7328         120.00           59.98                5.50             17.75              98.05          High EGDI        0.5162
     Serbia                       Very High TII   0.9221         120.00           83.54                1.00              2.31             109.54        Very High EGDI     0.8618
     Seychelles                   Very High TII   0.8913         120.00           86.67                4.28              1.14              99.22          High EGDI        0.6773




67




                                                                                                                                                                                     Technical
                                                                                                                                                                                     Appendix
                                                                                                                                                                                     Technical
                                                                                                                                                                                     Appendix




68




     Table 11       (continued)


                                                             Percentage                                               Percentage
                                                                              Percentage      Percentage of Mobile                     Percentage of
                                                              of Mobile                                                 of Fixed-
                                                                             of Individuals   data and voice high-                     Active mobile-
     Country                       TII Group      TII 2024     cellular                                                broadband                         EDGI Group      EGDI 2024
                                                                               using the      consumption basket                        broadband
                                                              telephone                                              Internet basket
                                                                               Internet              price                             subscriptions
                                                             subscriptions                                                price
                                                                                                                                                                                       2024 UN E-Government Survey


     Sierra Leone                  Middle TII     0.2585          97.70           30.35               20.39             28.61              21.20         Middle EGDI       0.3042
     Singapore                    Very High TII   0.9881         120.00           95.95                1.00              1.00             120.00        Very High EGDI     0.9691
     Slovakia                     Very High TII   0.8985         120.00           91.40                1.36              1.00              86.74        Very High EGDI     0.8021
     Slovenia                     Very High TII   0.9107         120.00           88.91                1.00              1.77              96.01        Very High EGDI     0.8759
     Solomon Islands                Low TII       0.1811          67.00           44.96               20.39             33.04              18.10         Middle EGDI       0.3681
     Somalia                        Low TII       0.1432          50.26           27.60                5.33             33.04               2.53          Low EGDI         0.1468
     South Africa                 Very High TII   0.8951         120.00           74.70                3.49              3.89             120.00        Very High EGDI     0.8616
     South Sudan                    Low TII       0.0547          49.00           12.14               12.87             32.12               6.97          Low EGDI         0.1191
     Spain                        Very High TII   0.9603         120.00           94.49                1.29              1.27             110.81        Very High EGDI     0.9206
     Sri Lanka                    Very High TII   0.7936         120.00           50.11                1.00              1.00              94.88          High EGDI        0.6667
     Sudan                         Middle TII     0.4392          73.97           28.70                5.78              2.79              47.60         Middle EGDI       0.2759
     Suriname                     Very High TII   0.8714         120.00           75.76                7.62              3.61             120.00          High EGDI        0.6365
     Sweden                       Very High TII   0.9868         120.00           95.70                1.00              1.13             120.00        Very High EGDI     0.9326
     Switzerland                  Very High TII   0.9576         120.00           96.80                1.00              1.00             105.00        Very High EGDI     0.9003
     Syrian Arab Republic          Middle TII     0.4426          79.85           34.70                2.51              2.54              21.90         Middle EGDI       0.3888
     Tajikistan                     High TII      0.5810         119.00           36.09                4.89              5.87              40.00          High EGDI        0.5606
     Thailand                     Very High TII   0.9410         120.00           87.98                2.92              3.45             120.00        Very High EGDI     0.8351
     Timor-Leste                   Middle TII     0.3551         110.42           40.75               18.56             30.31              29.89         Middle EGDI       0.4020
     Togo                           Low TII       0.2474          74.18           37.62               17.40             32.62              38.00         Middle EGDI       0.3920
     Tonga                         Middle TII     0.4784          60.70           57.50                3.11              3.57              38.00          High EGDI        0.5164
     Trinidad and Tobago          Very High TII   0.7745         120.00           79.98                2.73              3.35              54.71          High EGDI        0.6973
     Tunisia                      Very High TII   0.8357         120.00           73.84                1.52              2.61              85.83          High EGDI        0.6935
     Table 11       (continued)


                                                             Percentage                                               Percentage
                                                                              Percentage      Percentage of Mobile                     Percentage of
                                                              of Mobile                                                 of Fixed-
                                                                             of Individuals   data and voice high-                     Active mobile-
     Country                       TII Group      TII 2024     cellular                                                broadband                         EDGI Group      EGDI 2024
                                                                               using the      consumption basket                        broadband
                                                              telephone                                              Internet basket
                                                                               Internet              price                             subscriptions
                                                             subscriptions                                                price
     Türkiye                      Very High TII   0.8322         105.81           85.96                1.00              1.29              83.96        Very High EGDI     0.8913
     Turkmenistan                   High TII      0.5151          98.60           21.30                2.43              4.68              49.99         Middle EGDI       0.4757
     Tuvalu                        Middle TII     0.4720          80.30           81.19                5.47             13.68               0.00         Middle EGDI       0.4042
     Uganda                         Low TII       0.2299          69.99           10.34               10.88             33.04              54.35         Middle EGDI       0.4464
     Ukraine                      Very High TII   0.8428         120.00           79.22                1.46              1.87              80.10        Very High EGDI     0.8841
     United Arab Emirates         Very High TII   1.0000         120.00          100.00                1.05              1.00             120.00        Very High EGDI     0.9533
     United Kingdom of Great
     Britain and Northern         Very High TII   0.9747         120.00           95.34                1.00              1.16             115.06        Very High EGDI     0.9577
     Ireland
     United Republic of
                                   Middle TII     0.3792          91.90           31.90                6.87             22.04              28.60         Middle EGDI       0.4327
     Tanzania
     United States of America     Very High TII   0.9605         110.17           97.13                1.00              1.00             120.00        Very High EGDI     0.9194
     Uruguay                      Very High TII   0.9437         120.00           89.87                2.69              2.30             115.82        Very High EGDI     0.9006
     Uzbekistan                   Very High TII   0.8769         106.42           83.90                1.02              1.71             107.00        Very High EGDI     0.7999
     Vanuatu                        High TII      0.6165          78.20           69.89                7.47             30.02             120.00          High EGDI        0.5427
     Venezuela, Bolivarian
                                    High TII      0.5390          66.26           61.60                2.94              3.99              52.14          High EGDI        0.5360
     Republic of
     Viet Nam                     Very High TII   0.8780         120.00           78.59                1.00              2.64              96.94        Very High EGDI     0.7709
     Yemen                         Middle TII     0.2905          52.69           17.69                6.14              4.03              29.18          Low EGDI         0.2317
     Zambia                         High TII      0.5088          99.10           31.23                3.82             14.71              55.26          High EGDI        0.5424
     Zimbabwe                      Middle TII     0.3947          87.62           32.56               20.39              9.45              59.56         Middle EGDI       0.4481




69




                                                                                                                                                                                     Technical
                                                                                                                                                                                     Appendix
                                                                                                                                                                           Technical
                                                                                                                                                                           Appendix




70




     Table 12     Local Online Service Index and its components


                                                                                                                                                                   OSI
     City                          Country            Region      LOSI Group      Rank   LOSI 2024     IF      CP        SP      EPI      TEC      OSI Group
                                                                                                                                                                  2024
     Tallinn           Estonia                        Europe     Very High LOSI    1      0.9271     1.0000   1.0000   0.9333   0.9091   0.6000   Very High OSI   0.9954
     Madrid            Spain                          Europe     Very High LOSI    1      0.9271     1.0000   0.9333   1.0000   0.6364   0.8000   Very High OSI   0.9054
     Riyadh            Saudi Arabia                     Asia     Very High LOSI    3      0.9167     1.0000   1.0000   0.8667   0.8182   0.7000   Very High OSI   0.9899
                                                                                                                                                                             2024 UN E-Government Survey


     Copenhagen        Denmark                        Europe     Very High LOSI    4      0.9063     1.0000   0.9667   0.9333   0.7273   0.6000   Very High OSI   0.9992
     Dubai             United Arab Emirates             Asia     Very High LOSI    4      0.9063     0.8000   0.9333   0.9000   0.8182   0.6000   Very High OSI   0.9163
     New York          United States of America       Americas   Very High LOSI    4      0.9063     0.8000   1.0000   0.7333   0.8182   0.7000   Very High OSI   0.9136
     Istanbul          Türkiye                          Asia     Very High LOSI    7      0.8958     1.0000   0.8667   0.8333   0.7273   0.7000   Very High OSI   0.9225
     Berlin            Germany                        Europe     Very High LOSI    8      0.8854     1.0000   0.9333   0.7000   0.9091   0.7000   Very High OSI   0.9238
     Seoul             Republic of Korea                Asia     Very High LOSI    9       0.875     1.0000   0.9000   0.6333   0.9091   0.7000   Very High OSI   1.0000
     Singapore         Singapore                        Asia     Very High LOSI    9       0.875     1.0000   0.9333   0.6333   0.8182   0.7000   Very High OSI   0.9831
                       United Kingdom of Great
     London                                           Europe     Very High LOSI    9       0.875     1.0000   0.9000   0.7000   0.7273   0.6000   Very High OSI   0.9535
                       Britain and Northern Ireland
     Shanghai          China                            Asia     Very High LOSI    12     0.8646     1.0000   0.9000   0.6667   0.7273   0.7000   Very High OSI   0.9258
     Manama            Bahrain                          Asia     Very High LOSI    13     0.8542     1.0000   0.7000   0.6000   0.9091   0.4000   Very High OSI   0.9030
     Tokyo             Japan                            Asia     Very High LOSI    13     0.8542     1.0000   0.7667   0.3000   0.7273   0.5000   Very High OSI   0.9427
     Kyiv              Ukraine                        Europe     Very High LOSI    13     0.8542     1.0000   0.9667   0.9667   0.9091   0.7000   Very High OSI   0.9854
     Vienna            Austria                        Europe     Very High LOSI    16     0.8438     1.0000   0.9667   0.9667   0.6364   0.8000   Very High OSI   0.8383
     Bogota            Colombia                       Americas   Very High LOSI    16     0.8438     1.0000   0.9333   0.9333   0.6364   1.0000   Very High OSI   0.7521
     Moscow            Russian Federation             Europe     Very High LOSI    16     0.8438     1.0000   0.9333   0.8667   0.9091   0.7000   Very High OSI   0.7766
     Sao Paulo         Brazil                         Americas   Very High LOSI   19      0.8333     1.0000   1.0000   0.8333   0.7273   0.7000   Very High OSI   0.9063
     Montevideo        Uruguay                        Americas   Very High LOSI   19      0.8333     1.0000   0.9333   0.7667   1.0000   0.8000   Very High OSI   0.8832
     Helsinki          Finland                        Europe     Very High LOSI   21      0.8125     1.0000   0.9000   0.9000   0.7273   0.7000   Very High OSI   0.9097
     Paris             France                         Europe     Very High LOSI   21      0.8125     1.0000   0.9667   0.9667   0.4545   0.5000   Very High OSI   0.8440
     Reykjavik         Iceland                        Europe     Very High LOSI   21      0.8125     1.0000   0.8667   0.8667   0.8182   0.6000   Very High OSI   0.9076
     Rome              Italy                          Europe     Very High LOSI   21      0.8125     1.0000   0.9000   0.8000   0.8182   0.6000   Very High OSI   0.7624
     Table 12       (continued)


                                                                                                                                                              OSI
     City                              Country   Region      LOSI Group      Rank   LOSI 2024     IF      CP        SP      EPI      TEC      OSI Group
                                                                                                                                                             2024
     Riga                 Latvia                 Europe     Very High LOSI    21     0.8125     1.0000   0.8667   0.7667   0.9091   0.7000   Very High OSI   0.8092
     Zurich               Switzerland            Europe     Very High LOSI    21     0.8125     1.0000   0.9000   0.7667   0.7273   0.6000   Very High OSI   0.8408
     Buenos Aires         Argentina              Americas   Very High LOSI    27     0.8021     1.0000   0.9000   0.7333   0.8182   0.6000   Very High OSI   0.7965
     Zagreb               Croatia                Europe     Very High LOSI    27     0.8021     1.0000   0.9667   0.7000   0.7273   0.6000   Very High OSI   0.8735
     Almaty               Kazakhstan               Asia     Very High LOSI    27     0.8021     1.0000   0.9000   0.7333   0.7273   0.6000   Very High OSI   0.9390
     Auckland             New Zealand            Oceania    Very High LOSI    27     0.8021     1.0000   0.9333   0.7000   0.7273   0.6000   Very High OSI   0.9453
     Stockholm            Sweden                 Europe     Very High LOSI    27     0.8021     1.0000   0.9333   0.6333   0.7273   0.7000   Very High OSI   0.8836
     Sofia                Bulgaria               Europe     Very High LOSI    32     0.7917     0.8000   0.8667   0.6667   0.7273   0.7000   Very High OSI   0.7727
     Toronto              Canada                 Americas   Very High LOSI    32     0.7917     0.8000   0.8667   0.7000   0.5455   0.7000   Very High OSI   0.8552
     Doha                 Qatar                    Asia     Very High LOSI    32     0.7917     1.0000   0.8333   0.7000   0.6364   0.5000   Very High OSI   0.7655
     Amsterdam            Netherlands            Europe     Very High LOSI    35     0.7813     1.0000   0.9333   0.5667   0.7273   0.5000   Very High OSI   0.9212
     Oslo                 Norway                 Europe     Very High LOSI    35     0.7813     1.0000   0.9000   0.5333   0.6364   0.4000   Very High OSI   0.9117
     Sydney               Australia              Oceania    Very High LOSI    37     0.7708     0.8000   0.8000   0.4667   0.2727   0.4000   Very High OSI   0.9222
     Warsaw               Poland                 Europe     Very High LOSI    37     0.7708     0.8000   0.7000   0.4333   0.3636   0.6000   Very High OSI   0.8037
     Vilnius              Lithuania              Europe     Very High LOSI    39     0.7604     1.0000   0.9000   0.8667   0.8182   0.7000   Very High OSI   0.8839
     Guayaquil            Ecuador                Americas   Very High LOSI    40       0.75     0.8000   0.9000   0.7333   0.9091   0.7000   Very High OSI   0.8851
     Tel Aviv             Israel                   Asia     Very High LOSI    40       0.75     0.8000   0.8000   0.8333   0.8182   0.7000   Very High OSI   0.8541
     Luxembourg-Ville     Luxembourg             Europe     Very High LOSI   40        0.75     1.0000   0.8333   0.7667   0.7273   0.6000   Very High OSI   0.7555
     Brussels             Belgium                Europe       High LOSI      43      0.7396     0.8000   0.8667   0.6667   0.6364   0.7000     High OSI      0.7224
     Bratislava           Slovakia               Europe       High LOSI      44      0.7188     0.8000   0.9000   0.5667   0.7273   0.7000     High OSI      0.7097
     Mexico City          Mexico                 Americas     High LOSI      45      0.7083     1.0000   0.8667   0.6667   0.3636   0.6000   Very High OSI   0.7637
     Lisbon               Portugal               Europe       High LOSI      45      0.7083     1.0000   0.8667   0.4000   0.7273   0.7000   Very High OSI   0.7878
     Jakarta              Indonesia                Asia       High LOSI      47      0.6875     1.0000   0.8333   0.5667   0.5455   0.4000   Very High OSI   0.8035
     Dublin               Ireland                Europe       High LOSI      47      0.6875     1.0000   0.9000   0.5000   0.3636   0.6000   Very High OSI   0.8768
     Prague               Czechia                Europe       High LOSI      49      0.6771     0.8000   0.6667   0.5667   0.6364   0.7000     High OSI      0.7006




71




                                                                                                                                                                      Technical
                                                                                                                                                                      Appendix
                                                                                                                                                                    Technical
                                                                                                                                                                    Appendix




72




     Table 12       (continued)


                                                                                                                                                            OSI
     City                                Country   Region     LOSI Group   Rank   LOSI 2024     IF      CP        SP      EPI      TEC      OSI Group
                                                                                                                                                           2024
     Bucharest             Romania                 Europe      High LOSI    49     0.6771     0.8000   0.8667   0.4000   0.4545   0.6000     High OSI      0.6548
     Bangkok               Thailand                  Asia      High LOSI    51     0.6667     0.8000   0.7000   0.6000   0.2727   0.6000   Very High OSI   0.7611
     Yerevan               Armenia                   Asia      High LOSI    52     0.6563     0.8000   0.7000   0.4333   0.5455   0.6000   Very High OSI   0.7922
                                                                                                                                                                      2024 UN E-Government Survey


     Ulaanbaatar           Mongolia                  Asia      High LOSI    53     0.6354     0.4000   0.7000   0.4667   0.5455   0.5000   Very High OSI   0.8222
     Ho Chi Minh City      Viet Nam                  Asia      High LOSI    53     0.6354     0.8000   0.6333   0.4333   0.5455   0.5000     High OSI      0.7081
     Tirana                Albania                 Europe      High LOSI    55      0.625     0.8000   0.6000   0.4667   0.2727   0.7000   Very High OSI   0.8144
     Monaco                Monaco                  Europe      High LOSI    55      0.625     0.8000   0.6000   0.4333   0.3636   0.5000    Middle OSI     0.4838
     Kigali                Rwanda                   Africa     High LOSI    55      0.625     0.4000   0.6000   0.3333   0.2727   0.4000   Very High OSI   0.8207
     Nairobi               Kenya                    Africa     High LOSI    58     0.6146     1.0000   0.9000   0.9000   0.2727   0.7000   Very High OSI   0.7770
     Budapest              Hungary                 Europe      High LOSI    59     0.6042     1.0000   0.9333   0.6667   0.8182   0.7000     High OSI      0.7144
     Quezon                Philippines               Asia      High LOSI    59     0.6042     1.0000   0.9000   0.7667   0.5455   0.7000   Very High OSI   0.8054
     Johannesburg          South Africa             Africa     High LOSI    59     0.6042     1.0000   0.4667   0.5667   0.8182   0.6000   Very High OSI   0.8872
     Santo Domingo         Dominican Republic      Americas    High LOSI    62     0.5938     1.0000   0.7000   0.4333   0.2727   0.7000     High OSI      0.6405
     Tbilisi               Georgia                   Asia      High LOSI    62     0.5938     0.6000   0.6667   0.3667   0.3636   0.6000     High OSI      0.5652
     Kuala Lumpur          Malaysia                  Asia      High LOSI    62     0.5938     0.8000   0.6333   0.3333   0.4545   0.5000     High OSI      0.7280
     Athens                Greece                  Europe      High LOSI    65     0.5833     1.0000   0.6667   0.3333   0.2727   0.4000   Very High OSI   0.8145
     Muscat                Oman                      Asia      High LOSI    65     0.5833     0.6000   0.5333   0.2333   0.1818   0.6000   Very High OSI   0.8077
     Ljubljana             Slovenia                Europe      High LOSI    65     0.5833     0.8000   0.2667   0.1667   0.1818   0.6000   Very High OSI   0.8640
     Panama City           Panama                  Americas    High LOSI    68     0.5729     0.8000   0.8333   0.6333   0.5455   0.6000     High OSI      0.6505
     Belgrade              Serbia                  Europe      High LOSI    68     0.5729     1.0000   0.9333   0.4333   0.3636   0.8000   Very High OSI   0.8540
     Mumbai                India                     Asia      High LOSI    70     0.5625     1.0000   0.6333   0.5333   0.5455   0.5000   Very High OSI   0.8184
     Chisinau (Kishinev)   Republic of Moldova     Europe      High LOSI    70     0.5625     0.8000   0.6667   0.3333   0.7273   0.6000     High OSI      0.7264
     Amman                 Jordan                    Asia      High LOSI    72     0.5417     0.8000   0.7000   0.4000   0.3636   0.5000   Very High OSI   0.7591
     Bishkek               Kyrgyzstan                Asia      High LOSI    72     0.5417     0.8000   0.6667   0.3333   0.6364   0.4000     High OSI      0.6072
     Santiago              Chile                   Americas    High LOSI    74     0.5313     0.6000   0.6333   0.4667   0.3636   0.4000   Very High OSI   0.8612
     Table 12       (continued)


                                                                                                                                                            OSI
     City                               Country   Region     LOSI Group    Rank   LOSI 2024     IF      CP       SP       EPI      TEC      OSI Group
                                                                                                                                                           2024
     Nicosia               Cyprus                   Asia      High LOSI     74     0.5313     0.6000   0.6333   0.2333   0.7273   0.7000   Very High OSI   0.8217
     Andorra La Vella      Andorra                Europe      High LOSI     76     0.5208     0.8000   0.6333   0.3000   0.3636   0.6000    Middle OSI     0.4780
     Minsk                 Belarus                Europe      High LOSI     76     0.5208     0.8000   0.6000   0.2667   0.1818   0.6000     High OSI      0.5760
     San Jose              Costa Rica             Americas    High LOSI     76     0.5208     0.6000   0.6333   0.3000   0.0000   0.4000     High OSI      0.7217
     Vaduz                 Liechtenstein          Europe      High LOSI     76     0.5208     0.8000   0.5333   0.1333   0.3636   0.5000     High OSI      0.7416
     Lima                  Peru                   Americas    High LOSI     80     0.5104     0.8000   0.3333   0.2333   0.3636   0.5000   Very High OSI   0.8377
     Thimphu Thromde       Bhutan                   Asia      High LOSI     81        0.5     0.4000   0.4000   0.2333   0.2727   0.6000     High OSI      0.5886
     Skopje                North Macedonia        Europe     Middle LOSI    82     0.4896     0.6000   0.4333   0.1667   0.1818   0.5000     High OSI      0.6642
     Asuncion              Paraguay               Americas   Middle LOSI    83     0.4688     0.2000   0.2333   0.1667   0.2727   0.5000     High OSI      0.6712
     Kathmandu             Nepal                    Asia     Middle LOSI    84     0.4583     1.0000   0.8333   0.7667   0.8182   0.7000    Middle OSI     0.4481
     Podgorica             Montenegro             Europe     Middle LOSI    85     0.4479     0.8000   0.7333   0.7000   0.2727   0.5000     High OSI      0.5214
     Cairo                 Egypt                   Africa    Middle LOSI    86     0.4271     0.8000   0.5333   0.8333   0.3636   0.5000     High OSI      0.7002
     Ciudad De Guatemala   Guatemala              Americas   Middle LOSI    86     0.4271     0.8000   0.7333   0.5667   0.3636   0.5000     High OSI      0.6538
     Casablanca            Morocco                 Africa    Middle LOSI    86     0.4271     1.0000   0.7667   0.2667   0.7273   0.7000     High OSI      0.5618
     Tunis                 Tunisia                 Africa    Middle LOSI    89     0.4167     0.6000   0.7000   0.3000   0.5455   0.6000     High OSI      0.5951
     Santa Cruz (de la
                           Bolivia                Americas   Middle LOSI    90     0.4063     0.6000   0.5000   0.3000   0.2727   0.6000     High OSI      0.5987
     Sierra)
     Dhaka                 Bangladesh               Asia     Middle LOSI    91     0.3854     0.6000   0.3333   0.3333   0.1818   0.5000     High OSI      0.7374
     Baku                  Azerbaijan               Asia     Middle LOSI    92      0.375     0.8000   0.4000   0.1667   0.2727   0.6000     High OSI      0.7386
     Havana                Cuba                   Americas   Middle LOSI    92      0.375     0.4000   0.4667   0.2667   0.0909   0.4000     Low OSI       0.2298
     Male                  Maldives                 Asia     Middle LOSI    92      0.375     0.0000   0.0667   0.2667   0.0000   0.4000     High OSI      0.6220
     Belize City           Belize                 Americas   Middle LOSI    95     0.3646     0.4000   0.8667   0.5667   0.5455   0.6000    Middle OSI     0.4054
     Tashkent              Uzbekistan               Asia     Middle LOSI    95     0.3646     0.6000   0.6333   0.4667   0.1818   0.5000   Very High OSI   0.7648
     Port Louis            Mauritius               Africa    Middle LOSI    97     0.3542     0.8000   0.4000   0.2667   0.2727   0.6000     High OSI      0.5903
     Kampala               Uganda                  Africa    Middle LOSI    97     0.3542     0.6000   0.5000   0.2667   0.0909   0.5000     High OSI      0.6069




73




                                                                                                                                                                    Technical
                                                                                                                                                                    Appendix
                                                                                                                                                                              Technical
                                                                                                                                                                              Appendix




74




     Table 12        (continued)


                                                                                                                                                                      OSI
     City                               Country                Region     LOSI Group    Rank   LOSI 2024     IF      CP       SP       EPI      TEC     OSI Group
                                                                                                                                                                     2024
     Kabul                 Afghanistan                           Asia     Middle LOSI    99     0.3438     0.6000   0.4000   0.2000   0.1818   0.6000    Low OSI     0.1438
     Tehran                Iran (Islamic Republic of)            Asia     Middle LOSI    99     0.3438     0.0000   0.3667   0.2000   0.0909   0.5000   Middle OSI   0.3773
     Dar Es Salaam         United Republic of Tanzania          Africa    Middle LOSI    99     0.3438     0.4000   0.3000   0.1333   0.0909   0.6000   Middle OSI   0.4791
                                                                                                                                                                                2024 UN E-Government Survey


     Caracas               Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of   Americas   Middle LOSI    99     0.3438     0.4000   0.3667   0.0667   0.1818   0.5000   Middle OSI   0.3576
     Addis Ababa           Ethiopia                             Africa    Middle LOSI   103     0.3333     0.4000   0.2000   0.0333   0.1818   0.4000   Middle OSI   0.3420
     Abidjan               Côte d'Ivoire                        Africa    Middle LOSI   104     0.3229     0.6000   0.7000   0.5667   0.4545   0.6000    High OSI    0.5219
     Damascus              Syrian Arab Republic                  Asia     Middle LOSI   104     0.3229     0.8000   0.6667   0.2333   0.3636   0.5000   Middle OSI   0.3068
     Colombo               Sri Lanka                             Asia     Middle LOSI   106     0.3021     0.6000   0.5667   0.2667   0.2727   0.6000    High OSI    0.5494
     Suva                  Fiji                                Oceania    Middle LOSI   107     0.2813     0.6000   0.3667   0.3667   0.0909   0.4000    High OSI    0.5343
     Yangon                Myanmar                               Asia     Middle LOSI   107     0.2813     0.6000   0.3333   0.2333   0.4545   0.5000   Middle OSI   0.3259
     Managua               Nicaragua                           Americas   Middle LOSI   107     0.2813     0.6000   0.4667   0.2333   0.0909   0.5000   Middle OSI   0.4493
     Honiara               Solomon Islands                     Oceania    Middle LOSI   107     0.2813     0.6000   0.3000   0.2667   0.1818   0.6000   Middle OSI   0.4970
     Georgetown            Guyana                              Americas   Middle LOSI   111     0.2708     0.8000   0.5667   0.0000   0.1818   0.5000   Middle OSI   0.3455
     Tegucigalpa           Honduras                            Americas   Middle LOSI   111     0.2708     0.4000   0.5000   0.1000   0.0000   0.6000   Middle OSI   0.4587
     Kuwait City           Kuwait                                Asia     Middle LOSI   111     0.2708     0.4000   0.3667   0.1333   0.1818   0.5000    High OSI    0.6365
     Kingston              Jamaica                             Americas   Middle LOSI   114     0.2604     0.6000   0.2667   0.1667   0.2727   0.4000    High OSI    0.5677
     Monrovia              Liberia                              Africa    Middle LOSI   114     0.2604     0.8000   0.3333   0.1000   0.0909   0.4000   Middle OSI   0.2633
     Sarajevo              Bosnia and Herzegovina              Europe     Middle LOSI   116       0.25     0.6000   0.2667   0.1000   0.1818   0.5000    High OSI    0.5003
                           Lao People's Democratic
     Vientiane                                                   Asia     Middle LOSI   116       0.25     0.8000   0.4000   0.0333   0.0000   0.4000   Middle OSI   0.3265
                           Republic
     Windhoek              Namibia                              Africa    Middle LOSI   116       0.25     0.6000   0.2333   0.0667   0.0909   0.7000   Middle OSI   0.4996
     Karachi               Pakistan                              Asia     Middle LOSI   116       0.25     0.0000   0.4000   0.0667   0.0909   0.4000    High OSI    0.7042
     Freetown              Sierra Leone                         Africa    Middle LOSI   116       0.25     0.6000   0.1667   0.1333   0.0909   0.4000   Middle OSI   0.3823
     Dushanbe              Tajikistan                            Asia     Middle LOSI   116       0.25     0.4000   0.2000   0.0667   0.1818   0.5000   Middle OSI   0.4476
     Yaounde               Cameroon                             Africa     Low LOSI     122     0.2396     0.4000   0.2000   0.0000   0.0909   0.8000   Middle OSI   0.3988
     Table 12       (continued)


                                                                                                                                                         OSI
     City                                Country   Region     LOSI Group   Rank   LOSI 2024     IF      CP        SP      EPI      TEC     OSI Group
                                                                                                                                                        2024
     Brazzaville           Congo                    Africa     Low LOSI    122     0.2396     0.8000   0.1000   0.1667   0.0909   0.3000   Middle OSI   0.2760
     San Salvador          El Salvador             Americas    Low LOSI    122     0.2396     0.6000   0.2333   0.1667   0.2727   0.4000    High OSI    0.5090
     Ashkhabad             Turkmenistan              Asia      Low LOSI    122     0.2396     0.4000   0.3333   0.0667   0.2727   0.5000   Middle OSI   0.2506
     Mogadishu             Somalia                  Africa     Low LOSI    126     0.2292     0.8000   0.3667   0.0000   0.1818   0.5000   Middle OSI   0.2971
     Harare                Zimbabwe                 Africa     Low LOSI    126     0.2292     0.8000   0.3667   0.0000   0.0909   0.6000   Middle OSI   0.4100
     Kumasi                Ghana                    Africa     Low LOSI    128     0.2188     0.4000   0.3000   0.1333   0.1818   0.4000    High OSI    0.6084
     Luanda                Angola                   Africa     Low LOSI    129     0.2083     0.0000   0.3333   0.1000   0.0909   0.7000   Middle OSI   0.3962
     Bamako                Mali                     Africa     Low LOSI    129     0.2083     0.8000   0.3000   0.0333   0.1818   0.5000   Middle OSI   0.3334
     Maputo                Mozambique               Africa     Low LOSI    129     0.2083     0.2000   0.3333   0.0667   0.1818   0.5000   Middle OSI   0.3959
     Lusaka                Zambia                   Africa     Low LOSI    129     0.2083     0.0000   0.4000   0.0333   0.0909   0.4000   Middle OSI   0.4958
     Cotonou               Benin                    Africa     Low LOSI    133     0.1979     0.2000   0.2000   0.0333   0.0909   0.7000    High OSI    0.5202
     Bandar Seri Begawan   Brunei Darussalam         Asia      Low LOSI    133     0.1979     0.2000   0.2333   0.0333   0.0000   0.4000    High OSI    0.5802
     Praia                 Cabo Verde               Africa     Low LOSI    133     0.1979     0.2000   0.2333   0.0000   0.0909   0.4000    High OSI    0.6892
     Phnom Penh            Cambodia                  Asia      Low LOSI    136     0.1875     0.2000   0.1333   0.0333   0.0000   0.5000   Middle OSI   0.4503
     Mbabane               Eswatini                 Africa     Low LOSI    136     0.1875     0.0000   0.1000   0.0333   0.0909   0.5000   Middle OSI   0.4557
     Lilongwe              Malawi                   Africa     Low LOSI    138     0.1771     0.6000   0.4333   0.0667   0.2727   0.5000   Middle OSI   0.4625
     Port Moresby          Papua New Guinea        Oceania     Low LOSI    138     0.1771     0.6000   0.3333   0.1667   0.0909   0.5000   Middle OSI   0.3392
     Antananarivo          Madagascar               Africa     Low LOSI    140     0.1667     0.2000   0.4333   0.0333   0.0909   0.4000   Middle OSI   0.4045
     Ouagadougou           Burkina Faso             Africa     Low LOSI    141     0.1563     0.2000   0.3333   0.0000   0.1818   0.4000   Middle OSI   0.3376
     Libreville            Gabon                    Africa     Low LOSI    141     0.1563     0.0000   0.2667   0.1000   0.0909   0.4000   Middle OSI   0.3187
     Baghdad               Iraq                      Asia      Low LOSI    141     0.1563     0.2000   0.3333   0.0000   0.0909   0.4000    Low OSI     0.1875
     Algiers               Algeria                  Africa     Low LOSI    144     0.1354     0.2000   0.2000   0.1333   0.0000   0.4000   Middle OSI   0.3320
     Bujumbura             Burundi                  Africa     Low LOSI    144     0.1354     0.6000   0.2667   0.0000   0.0000   0.3000   Middle OSI   0.3146
     Conakry               Guinea                   Africa     Low LOSI    144     0.1354     0.2000   0.2333   0.0333   0.0000   0.3000   Middle OSI   0.4808
     Dakar                 Senegal                  Africa     Low LOSI    144     0.1354     0.2000   0.2000   0.0000   0.0000   0.5000   Middle OSI   0.4779




75




                                                                                                                                                                 Technical
                                                                                                                                                                 Appendix
                                                                                                                                                                           Technical
                                                                                                                                                                           Appendix




76




     Table 12         (continued)


                                                                                                                                                                   OSI
     City                                Country           Region     LOSI Group     Rank   LOSI 2024     IF      CP       SP       EPI      TEC     OSI Group
                                                                                                                                                                  2024
     Banjul                 Gambia                          Africa     Low LOSI      148      0.125     0.0000   0.1333   0.0000   0.0000   0.4000    Low OSI     0.0955
     Victoria               Seychelles                      Africa     Low LOSI      149     0.0938     0.0000   0.1333   0.0000   0.0000   0.4000   Middle OSI   0.4638
     Port Vila              Vanuatu                        Oceania     Low LOSI      149     0.0938     0.0000   0.0333   0.0000   0.0000   0.2000   Middle OSI   0.4769
                                                                                                                                                                             2024 UN E-Government Survey


     Port-Of-Spain          Trinidad and Tobago            Americas    Low LOSI      151     0.0417     0.2000   0.2667   0.0333   0.0000   0.3000    High OSI    0.5999
     St. John               Antigua and Barbuda            Americas   Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000    Low OSI     0.2067
     Nassau                 Bahamas                        Americas   Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   Middle OSI   0.4166
     Bridgetown             Barbados                       Americas   Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000    High OSI    0.5402
     Gaborone               Botswana                        Africa    Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   Middle OSI   0.4976
     Bangui                 Central African Republic        Africa    Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   Middle OSI   0.3985
     N'Djamena              Chad                            Africa    Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000    Low OSI     0.1128
     Moroni                 Comoros                         Africa    Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   Middle OSI   0.2674
                            Democratic People's Republic
     Pyongyang                                               Asia     Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000    Low OSI     0.0230
                            of Korea
                            Democratic Republic of the
     Kinshasa                                               Africa    Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000    Low OSI     0.0291
                            Congo
     Djibouti               Djibouti                        Africa    Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000    Low OSI     0.2092
     Roseau                 Dominica                       Americas   Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   Middle OSI   0.3798
     Bata                   Equatorial Guinea               Africa    Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000    Low OSI     0.1932
     Asmara                 Eritrea                         Africa    Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000    Low OSI     0.0000
     St. George's           Grenada                        Americas   Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000    High OSI    0.5056
     Bissau                 Guinea-Bissau                   Africa    Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000    Low OSI     0.1270
     Port-Au-Prince         Haiti                          Americas   Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000    Low OSI     0.1379
     South Tarawa           Kiribati                       Oceania    Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   Middle OSI   0.3904
     Beirut                 Lebanon                          Asia     Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   Middle OSI   0.4489
     Maseru                 Lesotho                         Africa    Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   Middle OSI   0.2864
     Table 12        (continued)


                                                                                                                                                                         OSI
     City                                Country              Region     LOSI Group     Rank   LOSI 2024     IF      CP       SP       EPI      TEC      OSI Group
                                                                                                                                                                        2024
     Tripoli               Libya                               Africa    Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000     Low OSI       0.0808
     St. Paul's Bay/San
                           Malta                              Europe     Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   Very High OSI   0.8749
     Pawl il-Banar
     Majuro                Marshall Islands                   Oceania    Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000    Middle OSI     0.3586
     Nouakchott            Mauritania                          Africa    Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000     Low OSI       0.1688
     Palikir               Micronesia (Federated States of)   Oceania    Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000    Middle OSI     0.2621
     Yaren                 Nauru                              Oceania    Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000     Low OSI       0.2439
     Niamey                Niger                               Africa    Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000    Middle OSI     0.3084
     Lagos                 Nigeria                             Africa    Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000     High OSI      0.5372
     Koror                 Palau                              Oceania    Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000    Middle OSI     0.2787
     Basseterre            Saint Kitts and Nevis              Americas   Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000    Middle OSI     0.3039
     Castries              Saint Lucia                        Americas   Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000    Middle OSI     0.3229
                           Saint Vincent and the
     Kingstown                                                Americas   Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000    Middle OSI     0.3906
                           Grenadines
     Apia                  Samoa                              Oceania    Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000    Middle OSI     0.3638
     San Marino            San Marino                         Europe     Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000    Middle OSI     0.3575
     Sao Tome              Sao Tome and Principe               Africa    Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000     Low OSI       0.2156
     Juba                  South Sudan                         Africa    Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000     Low OSI       0.1504
     Khartoum              Sudan                               Africa    Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000     Low OSI       0.1293
     Paramaribo            Suriname                           Americas   Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000    Middle OSI     0.4814
     Dili                  Timor-Leste                          Asia     Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000    Middle OSI     0.3406
     Lome                  Togo                                Africa    Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000    Middle OSI     0.4472
     Nuku'Alofa            Tonga                              Oceania    Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000    Middle OSI     0.3220
     Funafuti              Tuvalu                             Oceania    Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000     Low OSI       0.1944
     Sana'a                Yemen                                Asia     Not Assessed   152          0     0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000   0.0000     Low OSI       0.1377




77




                                                                                                                                                                                 Technical
                                                                                                                                                                                 Appendix
                                                                                                                                                                                                           Technical
                                                                                                                                                                                                           Appendix




78




     Table 13        Local Online Service Index (OSI) Features accessed in E-government Survey 2024


      Subindex                  Features
      Institutional Framework   Municipal portal | Municipal e-government strategy | Organization structure | Names and contacts of heads of department | Rights to access government
                                information | Privacy policy | Open data policy | Links for government agencies | Portal authentication.
      Content Provision         Foreign language support | Municipality information | Alerts for weather and natural disasters | Procurement announcements | Procurement results |Information
                                about provided services | Services in partnership with civil society | Facilitation of free internet access | Health information | Environmental information | Education
                                                                                                                                                                                                             2024 UN E-Government Survey


                                information | Social welfare information | Sports and culture information | Information for vulnerable groups | Justice information | Labor information | Evidence
                                of smart cities initiatives | Evidence of emerging technologies use | Statistical data and studies | Public transportation information | Evidence of mobile phone apps
                                | Waste and recycling information | Road safety information | MGP usage statistics | COVID-19 information.
      Services Provision        Police online declaration | Online driver’s license | Online building permit | Online environment related permit | Online business license | Online residentship
                                | Online birth certificate | Online death certificate | Online marriage certificate | Address change notification | Online land title registration | Online vehicle
                                registration | e-Procurement service | Online vacancies | Business tax payment | Online fees payment | Water payment | Electricity/gas payment.
      Participation and         Municipality responsiveness emails | Quality of email response | Budget-related information | Open data provision | Open data metadata | Report of any form of
      Engagement                discrimination | Real time communication | Feedback/complaint submission | Online deliberation processes | Social networking features | Reporting of incidents
                                in public spaces | Participatory budgeting | Participatory land use plan | Announcement of upcoming e-participation activities | Feedback about consultation
                                processes | e-Voting | Information on the public meetings of the municipal council.
      Technology                Contact details | Browser compatibility | Ease of portal finding | Mobile device accessibility | Navigability | Internal search mechanism | Internal advanced search
                                mechanism | Alignment with markup validation standards | Alignment with display standards | Alignment with accessibility
                                standards | Online user support | Information on online services use | Evidence of portal content update | Personal data accessibility | Personal data updating |
                                Business data accessibility | Business data updating | Helpdesk call number.
      E-Government Literacy     Internal search mechanism | Facilitation of free Internet access | Access to physical spaces | Privacy policy | Open data metadata | Online user support | Information
                                on online services use | Portal authentication | Live chat support with a person | Social networking features
     13. Past editions of the United Nations E-Government Survey
     Table 14        Past editions of the United Nations E-Government Survey


     Survey editon              Survey theme and thematic areas                    Trends and developments
                                2001                                               The approach of benchmarking e-government using the theoretical framework of activity theory as
                                Benchmarking E-Government: A Global                a unified model was first discussed. The publication addressed the need to establish e-government
                                Perspective – Assessing the Progress of the UN     benchmarks and introduced a survey methodology based on the assessment of online government
                                Member States                                      portals. The first composite benchmarking tool was referred to as the e-Government Index.a


                                Thematic areas:
                                • Assessing the global e-government landscape
                                • Benchmarking e-government
                                • Public administration and e-government
                                2003                                               The Survey methodology used for the 2001 edition was substantively and quantitatively strengthened to
                                UN Global E-Government Survey 2003:                produce the e-Government Readiness Index (eGRI). The publication also introduced and elaborated on the
                                E-Government at the Crossroads                     concept of e-participation, with a comparative assessment of the ability and willingness of Governments
                                                                                   to engage the public online. The methodology for benchmarking and assessing relative e-government
                                Thematic areas:                                    readiness was updated to include an appraisal of how Governments delivered online services relating to
                                • The e-government imperative                      specific sectors (labour, social welfare, finance, health and education).b
                                • Benchmarking e-government
                                • The extent of e-participation
                                • The promise of the (digital) future
                                2004                                               The report delved into the “access-opportunity divide”, examining the wide disparities in e-government
                                United Nations Global E-Government Readiness       readiness between developed and developing countries. It was argued that a realistic approach to
                                Report 2004: Towards Access for Opportunity        “access for opportunity” required more than just technology; countries needed to meet thresholds
                                                                                   across multiple dimensions, including government leadership, digital literacy, and providing an enabling
                                Thematic areas:                                    environment conducive to development. It was observed that the digital government leaders (as reflected
                                • The emerging access-for-opportunity framework    in the E-Government Readiness Index) were countries that had developed integrated portals providing
                                • Access for acceleration model                    one-stop access to information and services.c
                                • Taxonomy of countries according to the access-
                                  acceleration model
                                • Worldwide disparities in achieving access



79




                                                                                                                                                                                              Technical
                                                                                                                                                                                              Appendix
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Technical
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Appendix




80




     Table 14        (continued)


     Survey editon                 Survey theme and thematic areas                       Trends and developments
                                   2005                                                  The report identified access and inclusion as priorities. Many developing countries were focusing primarily
                                   United Nations Global E-Government Readiness          on connectivity, but there was an identified need to broaden their approach to ensure that e-services were
                                   Report 2005: From E-Government to E-Inclusion         reaching all segments of the population. The report emphasized that a strong political commitment, a
                                                                                         clear vision, and realistic objectives were critical success factors for e-government advancement. It was
                                                                                                                                                                                                         2024 UN E-Government Survey


                                   Thematic areas:                                       acknowledged that e-participation features were expanding but were largely limited to developed and
                                   • The emerging socially inclusive government          high-income countries. Limited infrastructure, a lack of skilled personnel, and competing development
                                     paradigm: from e-government to e-inclusion          priorities – all deriving from serious resource constraints – remained a major barrier to e-government
                                   • Socially inclusive governance for the Information   development for developing countries.d
                                     Society
                                   • The socially inclusive governance model
                                   • Worldwide disparities and inclusion
                                   2008                                                  It was determined that the emphasis on capturing countries’ “readiness” for e-government did not
                                   United Nations E-Government Survey 2008: From         adequately reflect the need for concrete action, so the focus of the Survey shifted to assessing actual
                                   E-Government to Connected Governance                  development.
                                                                                         The report examined how e-government had evolved beyond the general aims of efficacy and cost
                                   Thematic areas:                                       reduction to focus on people-centric outcomes and impacts and on institutional transformation through
                                   • Origins and emergence of e-government               digitization and digitalization. It was emphasized that successful e-government required integrating
                                   • Back-office issues in e-government operations       back-end systems and processes across agencies rather than simply putting services online using siloed
                                                                                         applications. Connected governance would offer seamless, people-centred services delivery but would
                                                                                         require adequate infrastructure investment to ensure comprehensive integration. E-participation tools,
                                                                                         including online consultation and feedback mechanisms, were recognized as important for increasing
                                                                                         public engagement. Mobile and Web 2.0 technologies offered new opportunities for Governments
                                                                                         to interact with and provide services to the public. While these options held promise for increased
                                                                                         engagement, most countries had not yet created an appropriate ecosystem for robust e-participation.e
     Table 14        (continued)


     Survey editon                 Survey theme and thematic areas                          Trends and developments
                                   2010                                                     The report was published during the financial and economic crisis, and the focus was on how e-government
                                   United Nations E-Government Survey 2010:                 could help countries respond effectively to emerging challenges during that period. Suggested strategies
                                   Leveraging E-Government at a Time of Financial           included improving government transparency, enhancing public sector efficiency, strengthening services
                                   and Economic Crisis                                      provision, and expanding e-participation and engagement. Even with limited resources and facing various
                                                                                            constraints, Governments could achieve significant transparency and accountability gains through low-
                                   Thematic areas:                                          cost e-government solutions such as crisis response websites and open data initiatives. Expanding online
                                   • The role of e-government in financial regulation and   access to critical public services in areas such as education, health care and employment during times of
                                     monitoring                                             economic strain or uncertainty could help countries stay on track in pursuing their development goals. A
                                   • E-services delivery and the Millennium Development     section on participatory e-government tools demonstrated how citizens could provide input on policies
                                     Goals                                                  and priorities, increasing public buy-in and improving outcomes at little cost.f
                                   • Citizen empowerment and inclusion
                                   2012                                                     The report explored how the world was moving away from isolated silos towards more integrated,
                                   United Nations E-Government Survey 2012:                 collaborative approaches to government administration and public services delivery. The “whole-of-
                                   E-Government for the People                              government” approach would make public services more personalized and accessible and easier to
                                                                                            navigate. Coherent policy approaches and cohesive institutional mechanisms – enabled by technology
                                   Thematic areas:                                          – could contribute to the achievement of long-term development goals and strengthen government
                                   • Taking a whole-of-government approach                  legitimacy. It was emphasized that the whole-of-government approach was essential for inclusive, people-
                                   • Supporting multichannel service delivery               centred sustainable development, as agencies could work together more effectively to serve all segments
                                   • Reaching vulnerable populations                        of the population and promote dialogue and engagement. Conversely, the absence of coordination across
                                   • Expanding e-government usage                           government could undermine progress – especially in low-income countries, where it could negatively
                                                                                            affect the delivery of social services, security, economic management, and political processes.g




81




                                                                                                                                                                                                        Technical
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Appendix
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Technical
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Appendix




82




     Table 14        (continued)


     Survey editon                 Survey theme and thematic areas                      Trends and developments
                                   2014                                                 The report was published when the United Nations was discussing the development agenda that would succeed
                                   United Nations E-Government Survey 2014:             the Millennium Development Goals once the latter concluded in 2015. While e-government was continuing
                                   E-Government for the Future We Want                  to advance globally, there were still wide disparities between countries and regions. All 193 Member States
                                                                                        were operating national portals, but for the majority, e-government was still at a low or intermediate level of
                                                                                                                                                                                                              2024 UN E-Government Survey


                                   Thematic areas:                                      development. The focus in digital government was moving away from mere services delivery towards adding
                                   • E-participation                                    public value through inclusive, participatory governance. Increased attention was being given to e-participation,
                                   • Whole-of-government and collaborative governance   open government data (OGD), multichannel services delivery, and whole-of-government approaches to create
                                   • Mobile and other channels for inclusive            more people-centred, transparent and accountable governance. Mobile technology and social media were
                                     multichannel services delivery                     emerging as important new channels for e-government, especially in developing countries, though Internet
                                   • Bridging the digital divide                        access and broadband connectivity remained limited in many of those countries. Addressing infrastructure
                                                                                        gaps and developing human capacity were crucial for leveraging e-government to realize development goals.h
                                   2016                                                 For the 2016 edition of the Survey, a theme was chosen that aligned with the 2030 Agenda for
                                   E-Government for Sustainable Development             Sustainable Development adopted by world leaders the previous year. The report focused on the role of
                                                                                        e-government in achieving the SDGs and how e-government could enhance the efficiency, transparency
                                   Thematic areas:                                      and accountability of public institutions. The report explored how Governments could leverage
                                   • Policy integration                                 technology to improve services delivery, engage people in decision-making processes, and ensure that no
                                   • Enhancing transparency through Open Government     one was left behind. There was further elaboration of whole-of-government approaches, with emphasis
                                     Data                                               on the integration of e-services across different agencies to provide users with a seamless and holistic
                                   • Enhancing engagement through e-participation       e-government experience. OGD was identified as key to government transparency, accountability and
                                                                                        innovation. OGD initiatives could drive progress towards the SDGs by making data available for public
                                                                                        scrutiny, fostering innovation, and facilitating evidence-based policymaking. The Survey indicated that
                                                                                        many countries, including those in the lower-middle-income group, were making significant strides in
                                                                                        e-participation. Globally, countries were continuing to make progress in e-government development,
                                                                                        but with the persistent digital divide, many were still unable to access and benefit from information and
                                                                                        communications technology (ICT). The report called for greater efforts to increase access to high-speed
                                                                                        broadband, enhance digital literacy, and pursue inclusive policies.i
     Table 14        (continued)


     Survey editon                 Survey theme and thematic areas                      Trends and developments
                                   2018                                                 The report identified e-government as a transformative catalyst in achieving the SDGs. It provided
                                   United Nations E-Government Survey 2018:             evidence of a global trend towards higher levels of e-government development, highlighting significant
                                   Gearing E-Government to Support Transformation       improvements in online services delivery and OGD. However, it also noted the persistence of e-government
                                   towards Sustainable and Resilient Societies          and broader digital divides, particularly in low-income countries, and called for continued investment in
                                                                                        human capital and infrastructure development to accelerate progress. An important focal point of the
                                   Thematic areas:                                      report was addressing digital divides to ensure that no one was left behind, especially in Africa, least
                                   • Building resilient, sustainable societies          developed countries, and small island developing States. The report highlighted the need for tailored
                                   • Leaving no one behind                              capacity-building programmes and policies to bridge these gaps and promote digital inclusion. Another
                                   • E-resilience (disaster risk management)            focal point of the report was e-resilience, with particular attention given to disaster risk management and
                                   • Cybersecurity                                      how digital technologies were increasingly being used to organize and manage emergency responses
                                   • Emerging technologies in e-government              and recovery from crises. It was noted that resilience in e-government systems required public trust,
                                                                                        robust cybersecurity measures (including the integration of security mechanisms from the design phase),
                                                                                        the adoption of harmonized laws governing cybercrime, and assurances that data and privacy would be
                                                                                        protected. For the first time, the Survey assessed 40 municipalities, introducing the Local Online Services
                                                                                        Index (LOSI), and the Open Government Data Index (OGDI) was piloted as well.j
                                   2020                                                 The theme “Digital Government in the Decade of Action for Sustainable Development” was selected
                                   United Nations E-Government Survey 2020:             for the 2020 Survey to acknowledge the time remaining for the implementation of the 2030 Agenda.
                                   Digital Government in the Decade of Action for       The report noted that there had been a significant global increase in e-government development,
                                   Sustainable Development                              even among some countries with limited resources, such as least developed countries, landlocked
                                                                                        developing countries and small island developing States. The report emphasized the growing importance
                                   Thematic areas:                                      of e-participation and acknowledged that many Governments were offering a range of opportunities
                                   • E-participation                                    for public engagement beyond the provision of information. The report also mentioned that there had
                                   • Data-centric and digital data governance           been a paradigm shift towards data-centric policymaking and stressed the need for effective national
                                   • Capacities for digital government transformation   data governance frameworks. The Survey included an addendum highlighting how the handling of the
                                   • The role of e-government during the COVID-19       COVID-19 pandemic had underscored the critical role of e-government in crisis management. During
                                     pandemic (addendum)                                the pandemic, Governments with robust digital infrastructures were able to provide timely information,
                                                                                        manage misinformation, and offer essential services online. The fact that many vulnerable populations
                                                                                        lacked access to digital services during the health crisis underscored the need for inclusive digital
                                                                                        strategies. In this edition of the Survey, rating classes (quartile subgroups) were introduced for each EGDI
                                                                                        level, and the LOSI assessment was expanded to include 100 municipalities.k




83




                                                                                                                                                                                                       Technical
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Appendix
                                                                                                                                                                                                                Technical
                                                                                                                                                                                                                Appendix




84




     Table 14            (continued)


         Survey editon                 Survey theme and thematic areas                         Trends and developments
                                       2022                                                    The report focused on the future of digital government, calling for e-government leaders to increase
                                       United Nations E-Government Survey 2022: The            investment in national digital transformation and adopt innovative e-government frameworks to support
                                       Future of Digital Government                            sustainable development and prepare for future global crises. As evident both during and after the
                                                                                               COVID-19 pandemic, digital government tools were key to effective emergency response and recovery.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  2024 UN E-Government Survey


                                       Thematic areas:                                         Global EGDI values showed improvement, but there remained persistent digital divides within and
                                       • Leaving no one behind in the hybrid digital society   between countries and regions. Special emphasis was given to leaving no one behind in the hybrid
                                       • The future of digital government: trends, insights    digital world, and Governments were called upon to ensure inclusion by design and accessibility for all,
                                         and conclusion                                        especially vulnerable groups, through targeted policies and the effective leveraging of data, design and
                                                                                               delivery to address gaps in access, affordability and digital skills. For the first time, the Survey conducted
                                                                                               LOSI assessments for the most populous city in each of the 193 Member States.l

     a     Ibid.
     b     UN DESA and Civic Resource Group, UN Global E-Government Survey 2003 (New York, 2004), available at https://publicadministration.un.org/egovkb/en-us/Reports/UN-E-Government-
           Survey-2003.
     c     UN DESA, UN Global E-Government Readiness Report 2004: Towards Access for Opportunity (New York, 2004), available at https://desapublications.un.org/publications/un-global-e-government-
           readiness-report-2004.
     d     UN DESA, United Nations Global E-Government Readiness Report 2005: From E-Government to E-Inclusion (New York, 2006), available at https://publicadministration.un.org/egovkb/en-us/Reports/
           UN-E-Government-Survey-2008.
     e     UN DESA, United Nations e-Government Survey 2008: From e-Government to Connected Governance (New York, 2008), available at https://publicadministration.un.org/egovkb/en-us/Reports/UN-
           E-Government-Survey-2008.
     f     UN DESA, United Nations E-Government Survey 2010: Leveraging E-Government at a Time of Financial and Economic Crisis (New York, 2010), available at https://publicadministration.un.org/
           egovkb/portals/egovkb/documents/un/2010-survey/complete-survey.pdf.
     g     UN DESA, United Nations E-Government Survey 2012: E-Government for the People (New York, 2012), available at https://publicadministration.un.org/egovkb/en-us/Reports/UN-E-Government-
           Survey-2012.
     h     UN DESA, United Nations E-Government Survey 2014: E-Government for the Future We Want (New York, 2014), available at https://publicadministration.un.org/egovkb/en-us/Reports/UN-E-
           Government-Survey-2014.
     i     UN DESA, United Nations E-Government Survey 2016: E-Government in Support of Sustainable Development (New York, 2016), available at https://publicadministration.un.org/egovkb/en-us/
           Reports/UN-E-Government-Survey-2016.
     j     UN DESA, United Nations E-Government Survey 2018: Gearing E-Government to Support Transformation towards Sustainable and Resilient Societies (New York, 2018), available at https://
           publicadministration.un.org/egovkb/en-us/Reports/UN-E-Government-Survey-2018.
     k     UN DESA, United Nations E-Government Survey 2020: Digital Government in the Decade of Action for Sustainable Development, with Addendum on COVID-19 Response (New York, 2020), available
           at https://publicadministration.un.org/egovkb/en-us/Reports/UN-E-Government-Survey-2020.
     l     UN DESA, United Nations E-Government Survey 2022: The Future of Digital Government (New York 2022), available at https://desapublications.un.org/sites/default/files/publications/2022-09/
           Web%20version%20E-Government%202022.pdf.
                                                                                                               Technical

                                                                                                               Appendix

14. Pilot research projects
14.1 Open Government Data Index
The Open Government Data Index (OGDI) has become an increasingly important assessment tool in
recent years. A growing number of countries are taking a transformative approach to governance,
enhancing transparency, accountability, and value creation by making government data accessible
to all. By opening their data sets, public institutions can strengthen trust in government while
simultaneously fostering innovation and economic growth. This paradigm shift encourages the
use, reuse, and free distribution of government data, facilitating the development of citizen-centric
services and creating opportunities for business and entrepreneurship. Such openness fundamentally
changes how Governments interact with their constituents, with the power of data harnessed to
drive positive change and create a more open, collaborative, and responsive public sector.

In acknowledgement of the critical role of open government data and the importance of measuring
progress in this area, the E-Government Survey continues to include the OGDI as a supplementary
indicator within the OSI. First introduced in the 2020 Survey, the OGDI is based on an assessment
of the national portals of Member States. The computation methodology employed for the last
two Surveys has been used for the 2024 edition, ensuring consistency in evaluation. The number of
questions used to calculate the OGDI remains at 26 (unchanged from the 2022 survey), preserving
the integrity and comparability of data across Survey periods. This detailed assessment underscores
the ongoing commitment of the United Nations to monitoring, evaluating and promoting open data
practices in e-government development.

While a binary system is used for the responses to most of the 26 questions included in the OGDI
assessment, some responses, particularly those related to the availability of specific types of open
data, are assessed using a more detailed scoring system. For the latter, a score of 0 indicates the
absence of a feature, while scores of 1 and 2 represent different levels of feature implementation.
For instance, a score of 1 might denote data availability in any format, whereas a score of 2 would
indicate availability in an open standard format such as eXtensible Markup Language (XML).
Following the computation method used for the OSI, the composite OGDI score for each Member
State is normalized to a range of 0 to 1 using a standardized formula. This methodology ensures
the accurate tracking and comprehensive evaluation of open data practices across Member States.

The OGDI remains structured around three key pillars: policy, platform, and impact. The Index
continues to use the weighted sum method for aggregating the assessed areas across these pillars.
The 2024 Survey has applied the weighting criteria established for the 2020 pilot study, including
(a) the relative weight for each pillar and (b) the relative number of assessed areas and questions for
each pillar, including those introduced in recent surveys.

The 2024 OGDI retains the 2022 OGDI (adjusted) weight for each pillar: 30 per cent for policy, 50 per
cent for platform/use, and 20 per cent for impact. The calculation method remains unchanged, with
the OGDI computed as the weighted average of the normalized scores for each Member State. The
OGDI level grouping system introduced in 2022, which aligns with EGDI levelling, has also been used
for the 2024 Survey. The division of groups into four equal quarters (0 – 0.25 – 0.50 – 0.75 – 1.00)
represents a refinement from the 2020 pilot study’s 0 – 0.4 – 0.8 – 1.0 demarcations. By preserving
these methodological elements, the 2024 Survey ensures OGDI continuity and comparability with
previous assessments while also maintaining alignment with the broader EGDI framework.




                                                                                                          85
Technical

Appendix
                 2024 UN E-Government Survey


                 Table 15         Open Government Data Index (OGDI)


                  Country                                              OGDI Group      OGDI 2024
                  Afghanistan                                           Low OGDI         0.1282
                  Albania                                               High OGDI        0.7436
                  Algeria                                               Low OGDI         0.1026
                  Andorra                                               High OGDI        0.7436
                  Angola                                                Low OGDI         0.1795
                  Antigua and Barbuda                                   High OGDI        0.5641
                  Argentina                                           Very High OGDI     0.7692
                  Armenia                                             Very High OGDI     0.8462
                  Australia                                           Very High OGDI     0.8462
                  Austria                                             Very High OGDI     0.8974
                  Azerbaijan                                            High OGDI        0.7179
                  Bahamas                                              Middle OGDI       0.4103
                  Bahrain                                             Very High OGDI     0.9231
                  Bangladesh                                            High OGDI        0.7179
                  Barbados                                             Middle OGDI        0.359
                  Belarus                                               High OGDI        0.5385
                  Belgium                                             Very High OGDI     0.8462
                  Belize                                               Middle OGDI       0.2821
                  Benin                                                Middle OGDI       0.4872
                  Bhutan                                                High OGDI        0.5385
                  Bolivia                                               High OGDI         0.641
                  Bosnia and Herzegovina                                High OGDI         0.641
                  Botswana                                             Middle OGDI       0.4615
                  Brazil                                              Very High OGDI     0.9744
                  Brunei Darussalam                                     High OGDI        0.6154
                  Bulgaria                                              High OGDI        0.7436
                  Burkina Faso                                         Middle OGDI       0.3333
                  Burundi                                               Low OGDI         0.2308
                  Cabo Verde                                          Very High OGDI     0.8462
                  Cambodia                                             Middle OGDI       0.4615
                  Cameroon                                              High OGDI        0.6667
                  Canada                                              Very High OGDI         1
                  Central African Republic                              Low OGDI         0.0256
                  Chad                                                 Middle OGDI       0.4615
                  Chile                                               Very High OGDI     0.9487
                  China                                               Very High OGDI     0.9231
                  Colombia                                            Very High OGDI     0.9487
                  Comoros                                               Low OGDI             0
                  Congo                                                 Low OGDI         0.0769
                  Costa Rica                                          Very High OGDI     0.7949
                  Côte d'Ivoire                                         High OGDI        0.5641
                  Croatia                                             Very High OGDI     0.9231
                  Cuba                                                  Low OGDI         0.1026
                  Cyprus                                              Very High OGDI     0.9487


            86
                                                                          Technical

                                                                          Appendix

Table 15         (continued)


Country                                  OGDI Group      OGDI 2024
Czech Republic                          Very High OGDI     0.8205
Democratic People's Republic of Korea     Low OGDI             0
Democratic Republic of the Congo         Middle OGDI       0.3077
Denmark                                 Very High OGDI     0.9744
Djibouti                                  Low OGDI         0.1026
Dominica                                 Middle OGDI       0.3846
Dominican Republic                      Very High OGDI     0.8718
Ecuador                                 Very High OGDI     0.8462
Egypt                                     High OGDI        0.6154
El Salvador                              Middle OGDI       0.4872
Equatorial Guinea                        Middle OGDI       0.3077
Eritrea                                   Low OGDI             0
Estonia                                 Very High OGDI         1
Eswatini                                  High OGDI        0.5641
Ethiopia                                 Middle OGDI        0.359
Fiji                                      High OGDI        0.5128
Finland                                 Very High OGDI     0.9231
France                                  Very High OGDI     0.9744
Gabon                                     Low OGDI         0.1282
Gambia                                   Middle OGDI       0.3077
Georgia                                 Very High OGDI     0.8205
Germany                                 Very High OGDI         1
Ghana                                   Very High OGDI     0.8205
Greece                                    High OGDI        0.5897
Grenada                                   Low OGDI         0.2051
Guatemala                               Very High OGDI     0.8205
Guinea                                  Very High OGDI     0.8205
Guinea-Bissau                            Middle OGDI       0.2821
Guyana                                    Low OGDI         0.2308
Haiti                                     Low OGDI         0.0513
Honduras                                 Middle OGDI       0.3333
Hungary                                 Very High OGDI     0.8974
Iceland                                 Very High OGDI     0.9487
India                                   Very High OGDI         1
Indonesia                               Very High OGDI     0.8718
Iran (Islamic Republic of)               Middle OGDI       0.3333
Iraq                                      Low OGDI             0
Ireland                                 Very High OGDI     0.9487
Israel                                  Very High OGDI     0.8462
Italy                                   Very High OGDI     0.8205
Jamaica                                   High OGDI        0.5641
Japan                                   Very High OGDI         1
Jordan                                  Very High OGDI     0.8205
Kazakhstan                              Very High OGDI     0.9231


                                                                     87
Technical

Appendix
                 2024 UN E-Government Survey


                 Table 15         (continued)


                  Country                             OGDI Group      OGDI 2024
                  Kenya                                High OGDI        0.5897
                  Kiribati                            Middle OGDI       0.4103
                  Kuwait                              Middle OGDI       0.3846
                  Kyrgyzstan                           High OGDI        0.5385
                  Lao People's Democratic Republic    Middle OGDI       0.3333
                  Latvia                             Very High OGDI     0.9744
                  Lebanon                              High OGDI        0.6923
                  Lesotho                             Middle OGDI       0.3333
                  Liberia                              Low OGDI         0.1795
                  Libya                                Low OGDI         0.0769
                  Liechtenstein                      Very High OGDI     0.8718
                  Lithuania                          Very High OGDI     0.9487
                  Luxembourg                         Very High OGDI     0.7949
                  Madagascar                          Middle OGDI        0.359
                  Malawi                               High OGDI        0.6667
                  Malaysia                           Very High OGDI     0.8205
                  Maldives                             High OGDI        0.5641
                  Mali                                Middle OGDI       0.3333
                  Malta                              Very High OGDI     0.8205
                  Marshall Islands                    Middle OGDI       0.3077
                  Mauritania                          Middle OGDI       0.2821
                  Mauritius                            High OGDI        0.6923
                  Mexico                             Very High OGDI     0.9231
                  Micronesia (Federated States of)     Low OGDI         0.2051
                  Monaco                               Low OGDI         0.2051
                  Mongolia                           Very High OGDI     0.9231
                  Montenegro                           High OGDI        0.5385
                  Morocco                              High OGDI        0.5128
                  Mozambique                          Middle OGDI       0.3077
                  Myanmar                              Low OGDI         0.2308
                  Namibia                             Middle OGDI       0.3077
                  Nauru                               Middle OGDI       0.3333
                  Nepal                               Middle OGDI       0.2821
                  Netherlands                        Very High OGDI     0.9744
                  New Zealand                        Very High OGDI     0.9231
                  Nicaragua                           Middle OGDI       0.2821
                  Niger                               Middle OGDI       0.2821
                  Nigeria                              High OGDI        0.5128
                  North Macedonia                      High OGDI        0.7179
                  Norway                             Very High OGDI     0.8205
                  Oman                               Very High OGDI     0.7692
                  Pakistan                             High OGDI         0.641
                  Palau                               Middle OGDI        0.359
                  Panama                               High OGDI        0.7436



            88
                                                                     Technical

                                                                     Appendix

Table 15       (continued)


Country                             OGDI Group      OGDI 2024
Papua New Guinea                    Middle OGDI       0.3077
Paraguay                           Very High OGDI     0.8462
Peru                               Very High OGDI         1
Philippines                        Very High OGDI     0.8205
Poland                             Very High OGDI     0.8718
Portugal                           Very High OGDI     0.8205
Qatar                                High OGDI        0.7436
Republic of Korea                  Very High OGDI     0.9487
Republic of Moldova                Very High OGDI     0.8205
Romania                            Very High OGDI     0.8205
Russian Federation                 Very High OGDI     0.7949
Rwanda                             Very High OGDI     0.7949
Saint Kitts and Nevis                Low OGDI         0.2308
Saint Lucia                          Low OGDI         0.1026
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines     High OGDI        0.5641
Samoa                               Middle OGDI       0.4359
San Marino                           Low OGDI         0.1026
Sao Tome and Principe                Low OGDI         0.1795
Saudi Arabia                       Very High OGDI         1
Senegal                              High OGDI         0.641
Serbia                             Very High OGDI     0.9231
Seychelles                           Low OGDI         0.2308
Sierra Leone                        Middle OGDI       0.4872
Singapore                          Very High OGDI         1
Slovakia                           Very High OGDI     0.8718
Slovenia                           Very High OGDI     0.8718
Solomon Islands                      High OGDI        0.5897
Somalia                             Middle OGDI        0.359
South Africa                       Very High OGDI     0.8205
South Sudan                          Low OGDI         0.1026
Spain                              Very High OGDI         1
Sri Lanka                            High OGDI        0.6154
Sudan                                Low OGDI         0.0513
Suriname                            Middle OGDI       0.3333
Sweden                             Very High OGDI         1
Switzerland                        Very High OGDI         1
Syrian Arab Republic                 Low OGDI         0.1026
Tajikistan                          Middle OGDI       0.4359
Thailand                           Very High OGDI     0.8974
Timor-Leste                         Middle OGDI       0.4872
Togo                                Middle OGDI       0.4359
Tonga                               Middle OGDI       0.4359
Trinidad and Tobago                 Middle OGDI       0.3846
Tunisia                              High OGDI        0.7179



                                                                89
Technical

Appendix
                 2024 UN E-Government Survey


                 Table 15        (continued)


                  Country                                                      OGDI Group                 OGDI 2024
                  Türkiye                                                     Very High OGDI                     1
                  Turkmenistan                                                  Low OGDI                    0.0769
                  Tuvalu                                                        Low OGDI                    0.1538
                  Uganda                                                        High OGDI                   0.7436
                  Ukraine                                                     Very High OGDI                     1
                  United Arab Emirates                                        Very High OGDI                0.9744
                  United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland        Very High OGDI                0.9231
                  United Republic of Tanzania                                  Middle OGDI                  0.3846
                  United States of America                                    Very High OGDI                0.8974
                  Uruguay                                                     Very High OGDI                0.9744
                  Uzbekistan                                                  Very High OGDI                0.9744
                  Vanuatu                                                       High OGDI                   0.5385
                  Venezuela                                                    Middle OGDI                  0.4359
                  Viet Nam                                                      High OGDI                   0.7436
                  Yemen                                                        Middle OGDI                  0.3077
                  Zambia                                                        High OGDI                    0.641
                  Zimbabwe                                                     Middle OGDI                  0.3846



                 14.2 Complex Network Analysis
                 In 2022, UN DESA, in collaboration with the Department of physics of the university of Bari (IT)1
                 conducted a first pilot study using the science of complex systems to expand the analysis of factors
                 affecting countries’ e-government development beyond income level and test a complex network
                 analysis model to address possible inequalities and biases adherent to rankings and find as yet
                 unidentified similarities and differences between the Member States. More detailed information on
                 the study and its findings is available on https://publicadministration.un.org/egovkb.

                 Identifying external biases that affect assessment of the digital development performance of
                 countries is a complicated task, since classifications based on proxy parameters are subject to
                 discretion and are not always able to capture the interrelationships between different countries. With
                 due consideration given to the complexity of these connections, a model of a digital government
                 ecosystem was created as a network in which countries represent nodes, with similarities in their
                 development indicators determining the strength of the links between the nodes.

                 The data set used for the 2022 analysis, intended to help identify hidden similarities and differences
                 between the countries, consisted of 305 World Development Indicators (WDIs) relating to health,
                 economy, society and environment and 214 SDG indicators characterizing the general development
                 level of each Member State. The results of 2022 analysis was presented in the 2022 edition of the
                 E-Government Survey.2 Base of the positive feedback and recommendations provided by experts and
                 member states the study was repeated in 2024 redesigning the clusters using only data from the
                 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) dataset, updated to 2022.

                 The original datasets included 3542 indicators from the SDGs.3 However, some of them were not
                 available for all member states. When the value of a given indicator was not available for a given
                 country for the year 2022, it was decided to fill in this value with the corresponding one from 2021;
                 if this value was also empty, the corresponding value from 2020 was considered. If the fill-in still
                 failed also in this case, it was decided to avoid using data from years prior to 2020 to ensure that


            90
                                                                                                                   Technical

                                                                                                                   Appendix

the data remains as up-to-date as possible. The number of missing entries is subjected not only to
variability in time, but also to large fluctuations among countries, since the indicator measurement
process is not equally viable throughout the world. The diversified availability of SDGs should not
be considered as a limitation to this study, but it should be seen as a guideline for the choice of the
indicators, with the aim of combining the needs for data recentness and availability.

A three-step indicator selection process was implemented, following the criteria of data availability,
consistency, and non-redundant information.

A subset of indicators was extracted from 2021 and 2022 datasets by considering only those that
had non-null values in at least 70% of the 193 MS.

indicators expressed in Local Currency Units were excluded since they could not be compared directly
for different states.

Pearson correlations were computed between the available values for each pair of residual indicators.
If the correlation value was greater than 0.98, and if it was statistically significant, the indicator with
more available values in the pair was retained.

These three steps reduced the total number of SDGs indicators from 3542 to 278. These indicators are
listed respectively in Table 16. At the end of this procedure, each of the 193 MS was characterized by
278 values, corresponding to the values of selected indicators for that country. It is worth specifying
that some of the indicators included in the model could be interpreted as disaggregated sub-indexes
referred to a single main index. In this selection procedure, sub-indicators referred to the same
context should not be considered as redundant, since their mutual Pearson correlation was lower
than the threshold value of 0.98, as they were available for different sets of countries.

After the data cleaning and indicator selection processes, the complex network building process was
implemented as presented in the methodological workflow (figure 7).

Firstly, 278 selected indicators were re-scaled between 0 and 1. This is a standard procedure that
allows for the unification of different indicator scales and eliminates potential distortions in the data.

Pearson correlations were computed between each pair of countries. These correlations provided the
basis from which the complex network was built. The complex network has 193 nodes, representing
MS. The nodes are linked by edges, weighted by the pairwise correlations. Thus, weight values, ranging
between -1 and 1, quantify the similarity between connected countries. Two examples of weight
values are the following. Italy has a strong correlation with Spain (0.88). The cell corresponding to
the Portugal row and the Italy column is therefore colored red; China has a negative correlation with
the Central African Republic (-0.20). The cell corresponding to the China row and the Central African
Republic column is colored violet. In this way, the complete network was built it has (193*192)/2 =
18528 links.




                                                                                                              91
Technical

Appendix
                                   2024 UN E-Government Survey


            Figure 7    Scheme representing the workflow of the complex network analysis, and map representing
            grouping of countries into four development clusters




            Source: Complex Network Analysis Pilot Study for the 2024 United Nations E-Government Survey.




                                   The identification of clusters has been carried out by means of an algorithm based on the so-called
                                   spin glasses4,5,6. The same methodologies developed in 20227 were implemented also for this work.
                                   The Spin Glass algorithm performed a hierarchical cluster detection by recursive partitioning.8,9

                                   The algorithm has been implemented using a Python library called igraph10. With the objective of
                                   obtaining stable and reliable clusters, the following criterion was adopted: the complex network was
                                   partitioned in 100 different runs by the chosen algorithm, each time with a different random seed.

                                   In this way, the algorithm produced 100 outcomes. Each outcome corresponded to a given partition:
                                   if an outcome was obtained in more than 90 runs, it was accepted and the procedure moved on
                                   to the next step; otherwise, the iteration stopped, and the partition found at the previous level was
                                   returned as the result.

                                   This method was implemented to partition opportunely the MS, on the basis of the complex network
                                   built from the dataset consisting of the 278 selected indicators.

                                   The method returned 4 non-overlapping clusters with a strong characterization in terms of
                                   development status. The overall stability of cluster detection procedure used in the UN DESA pilot
                                   study corroborates the reliability and consistency of the findings on countries’ development levels.




            92
                                                                                                                 Technical

                                                                                                                 Appendix


   Box 4       Distribution of 2024 E-government Development Index (EGDI) in 2022 clusters


   The clusters are composed as follows:
   Cluster I: Albania, Argentina, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Bulgaria, Canada, Chile, Costa
   Rica, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece,
   Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Republic of Korea, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta,
   Moldova, Mongolia, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Serbia, Slovak Republic,
   Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Ukraine, United Kingdom, United States, Uruguay.
   Cluster II: Algeria, Andorra, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Bahrain, Barbados, Belarus, Bosnia and
   Herzegovina, Brunei Darussalam, Cabo Verde, China, Colombia, Cuba, Egypt, El Salvador,
   Georgia, India, Indonesia, Iran, Iraq, Israel, Jamaica, Kazakhstan, Democratic People’s Republic
   of Korea, Kuwait, Kyrgyz Republic, Libya, Liechtenstein, Malaysia, Maldives, Mauritius, Mexico,
   Monaco, Montenegro, Morocco, Nauru, New Zealand, North Macedonia, Oman, Palau, Panama,
   Paraguay, Qatar, Russian Federation, San Marino, Saudi Arabia, Seychelles, Singapore, South
   Africa, Sri Lanka, St. Kitts and Nevis, Suriname, Thailand, Tonga, Trinidad and Tobago, Tunisia,
   Türkiye, Turkmenistan, United Arab Emirates, Uzbekistan, Zimbabwe.
   Cluster III: Antigua and Barbuda, Bahamas, Bangladesh, Belize, Bhutan, Bolivia, Botswana,
   Cambodia, Djibouti, Dominica, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Eswatini, Fiji, Grenada, Guatemala,
   Guyana, Honduras, Jordan, Kiribati, Laos, Lebanon, Lesotho, Marshall Islands, Federated States
   of Micronesia, Myanmar, Namibia, Nepal, Nicaragua, Pakistan, Peru, Philippines, Samoa, Senegal,
   Solomon Islands, St. Lucia, St. Vincent and the Grenadines, Syrian Arab Republic, Tajikistan,
   Timor-Leste, Tuvalu, Vanuatu, Venezuela, Vietnam.
   Cluster IV: Afghanistan, Angola, Benin, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cameroon, Central African
   Republic, Chad, Comoros, Congo, Democratic Republic of Congo, Republic of Congo, Cote
   d’Ivoire, Equatorial Guinea, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Gabon, Gambia, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau,
   Haiti, Kenya, Liberia, Madagascar, Malawi, Mali, Mauritania, Mozambique, Niger, Nigeria, Papua
   New Guinea, Rwanda, Sao Tome and Principe, Sierra Leone, Somalia, South Sudan, Sudan,
   Tanzania, Togo, Uganda, Yemen, Zambia.



Grouping the countries into four development clusters using complex network analysis enables a
reinterpretation of the levels of e-government development of the UN Member States and their EGDI
ranking considering their starting conditions, as well as their mutual similarities and differences.

By comparing the 2024 EGDI values both within the same cluster, and between different clusters it
is possible to identify top-of the-class countries, whose performance goes beyond the expectations
based on their development status, and room-for-improvement countries, that have the potential to
reach their cluster peers in the EGDI ranking by increasing their efforts. For top-of-the-class countries
their EGDI values are above the 75th percentile of the cluster they belong to, and, at the same time,
they are above the 25th percentile of at least one development cluster above. By the same token, for
room-for-improvement countries the EGDI values are below the 25th percentile of the cluster they
belong to and, at the same time, are below the 75th percentile of at least one developed cluster
below.

The study also identified the benchmark countries, regarded as the best cases compared to the rest
of the world, and trailing countries, which would need specific support to improve their condition
in areas relevant for EDGI ranking. Benchmark countries are characterized by EGDI values above the
75th percentile of the distribution within cluster I, while trailing countries have EGDI values falling
below the 25th percentile of the distribution within cluster IV.

                                                                                                            93
Technical

Appendix
                 2024 UN E-Government Survey


                 This advanced approach has a dual advantage over traditional statistical methods: first, the similarities
                 between countries are determined by more than 270 SDGs indicators, providing a multifaceted
                 representation of sustainable development in the clusters to which these countries are referred;
                 second, the tool of network cluster detection offers a data-driven way to categorize different
                 development ecosystems in which e-government development (expressed in EGDI values) can be
                 interpreted and assessed.

                 Considering the case of clusters obtained from 2022 SDGs updated data and EGDI from 2024, the
                 performances of MS are summarized:

                 • Cluster I (median: 0.882).

                    – Benchmark: Denmark, Estonia, Republic of Korea, Iceland, United Kingdom of Great Britain
                      and Northern Ireland, Australia, Finland, Netherlands, Germany, Japan, Sweden, Norway,
                      Spain.

                    – Room-for-improvement: Brazil (*), Italy (*), Czech Republic (*), Bulgaria (*), Belgium (*),
                      Hungary (*), Slovak Republic (*), Costa Rica (*), Albania (*), Moldova (*), Romania (*).

                 • Cluster II (median: 0.721).

                    – Top-of-the-class: Singapore (#), Saudi Arabia (#), United Arab Emirates (#), New Zealand
                      (#), Bahrain (#), Israel (#), Kazakhstan (#), Türkiye (#), China (#), South Africa (#), Oman (#),
                      Russian Federation (#), Liechtenstein (#), Armenia (#), Thailand (#).

                    – Room-for-improvement: Suriname (*), Bosnia and Herzegovina (*), St. Kitts and Nevis (*),
                      Cabo Verde (*), El Salvador (*), Algeria (*), Libya (*), Tonga (*), Palau (*), Cuba (*), Turkmenistan (*),
                      Iraq (*), Zimbabwe (*), Nauru (*), Democratic People’s Republic of Korea (**).

                 • Cluster III (median: 0.545).

                    – Top-of-the-class: Peru (#), Ecuador (#), Vietnam (#), Philippines (#), Bahamas (#), Dominican
                      Republic (#), Jordan (#), Fiji (#), Bolivia (#), Bangladesh (#), Bhutan (#).

                    – Room-for-improvement: Marshall Islands (*), Kiribati (*), Laos (*), Lesotho (*), Tuvalu (*),
                      Timor-Leste (*), Syrian Arab Republic (*), Solomon Islands (*), Federated States of Micronesia (*),
                      Djibouti (*).

                 • Cluster IV (median: 0.310).

                    – Top-of-the-class: Ghana (#), Kenya (#), Rwanda (#), Gabon (#), Cote d’Ivoire (#), Zambia (#),
                      Nigeria (#), Benin (#), Uganda (#), Tanzania (#), Sao Tome and Principe (#).

                    – Trailing: Burundi, Yemen, Haiti, Niger, Afghanistan, Chad, Eritrea, Somalia, South Sudan,
                      Central African Republic.




            94
          [Type here]

                                                                                                                                   Technical
            Figure B.2         The list of countries grouped by development clusters according to the 2024 EGDI study.             Appendix

      Figure 8 The internationally
          Note:       The list of     countries
                                   recognized       grouped
                                              three-letter         by development
                                                           country codes11
                                                                           .      clusters according to the 2024 EGDI study


                                                                 Distribution of 2024 EGDI in 2022 clusters




             EGDI




279




                                                                                 Clusters
      Note: The internationally recognized three-letter country codes.
                                                                                                                              95
Technical

Appendix
                 2024 UN E-Government Survey



                 Endnotes
                 1     https://www.uniba.it/it/ricerca/dipartimenti/fisica
                 2     UN E-Government Survey 2022, 12th edition. (2022)
                 3     Sustainable Development Goals – UNSTATS. https://unstats.un.org/sdgs/dataportal/database (2024). Accessed:
                       2024-24-05.
                 4     J. Reichardt, S. Bornholdt, Statistical Mechanics of Community Detection. Phys. Rev. E 74, 016110 (2006).
                 5     V. A. Traag, J. Bruggeman, Community detection in networks with positive and negative links. Phys. Rev. E
                       80, 036115 (2009).
                 6     M. Mezard, G. Parisi, M. Virasoro, Spin Glass Theory and Beyond (World Scientific, Singapore, 1986).
                 7     L. Bellantuono, A. Monaco, S. Tangaro, N. Amoroso, V. Aquaro, R. Bellotti, An equity-oriented rethink of
                       global rankings with complex networks mapping development. Sci. Rep. 10, 18046 (2020) https://doi.org/10.1038/
                       s41598-020-74964-3.
                 8     L. Danon, A. Díaz-Guilera, J. Duch, A. Arenas, Comparing community structure identification. J. Stat. Mech.
                       Theory Exp. 2005, P09008–P09008 (2003).
                 9     G. Palla, G. Tibély, E. Mones, P. Pollner, T. Vicsek, Hierarchical networks of scientific journals. Palgrave
                       Commun. 1, 15016 (2015).
                 10    The igraph Core Team. igraph 0.8.2. https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.3774399 (2021). Accessed: 2024-24-05.


                 14.3 Complex network analysis: additional information
                 The tables below report the list of the 278 Sustainable Development Goals used to build the UNMS
                 similarity network (Table 16), and, for each UN country, the most and least similar country in terms of
                 Pearson correlation in the complex network, along with the average correlation with other countries
                 (Table 17).


                 Table 16   List of the 278 selected Sustainable Development Goals used to build the
                 Member States similarity network

                     Sustainable Development Goals indicators.
                     Above-ground biomass in forest (tonnes per hectare) G A T_PER_HA C
                     Age-standardized prevalence of current tobacco use among persons aged 15 years and older, by sex (%) BOTHSEX
                     G PERCENT 15+ E
                     Age-standardized prevalence of current tobacco use among persons aged 15 years and older, by sex (%) FEMALE G
                     PERCENT 15+ E
                     Age-standardized prevalence of current tobacco use among persons aged 15 years and older, by sex (%) MALE G
                     PERCENT 15+ E
                     Agriculture orientation index for government expenditures G A INDEX C
                     Agriculture share of Government Expenditure (%) G A PERCENT C
                     Agriculture value added share of GDP (%) G A PERCENT C
                     Annual GDP growth (%) G PERCENT G
                     Annual broad money growth (%) G PERCENT G
                     Annual forest area change rate (%) G A PERCENT C
                     Annual growth of exports of goods and services (%) G PERCENT G
                     Annual growth of households and NPISHs final consumption expenditure (%) G PERCENT G
                     Annual growth of imports of goods and services (%) G PERCENT G
                     Annual growth of the general government final consumption expenditure (%) G PERCENT G
                     Annual growth of the gross capital formation (%) G PERCENT G
                     Annual growth rate of real GDP per capita (%) G A PERCENT CA
                     Annual growth rate of real GDP per employed person (%) G A PERCENT 15+ M

            96
                                                                                                                            Technical

                                                                                                                            Appendix

Table 16        (continued)


Sustainable Development Goals indicators.
Annual inflation, consumer prices (%) G PERCENT G
Average proportion of Freshwater Key Biodiversity Areas (KBAs) covered by protected areas (%) G A PERCENT C
Average proportion of Marine Key Biodiversity Areas (KBAs) covered by protected areas (%) G A PERCENT C
Average proportion of Mountain Key Biodiversity Areas (KBAs) covered by protected areas (%) G A PERCENT C
Average proportion of Terrestrial Key Biodiversity Areas (KBAs) covered by protected areas (%) G A PERCENT C
Average tariff applied by developed countries, most-favored nation status, by type of product (%) G AGR PERCENT C
Average tariff applied by developed countries, most-favored nation status, by type of product (%) G ALP PERCENT C
Average tariff applied by developed countries, most-favored nation status, by type of product (%) G CLO PERCENT C
Average tariff applied by developed countries, most-favored nation status, by type of product (%) G IND PERCENT C
Average tariff applied by developed countries, most-favored nation status, by type of product (%) G TEX PERCENT C
Average tariff applied by developed countries, preferential status, by type of product (%) G AGR PERCENT C
Average tariff applied by developed countries, preferential status, by type of product (%) G ALP PERCENT C
Average tariff applied by developed countries, preferential status, by type of product (%) G CLO PERCENT C
Average tariff applied by developed countries, preferential status, by type of product (%) G IND PERCENT C
Average tariff applied by developed countries, preferential status, by type of product (%) G TEX PERCENT C
Beach litter originating from national land-based sources that ends in the beach (%) G A PERCENT M
Beach litter originating from national land-based sources that ends in the ocean (%) G A PERCENT M
Beach litter originating from national land-based sources that ends in the ocean (Tonnes) G A TONNES M
Carbon dioxide emissions from fuel combustion (millions of tonnes) G TONNES_M TOTAL E
Carbon dioxide emissions per unit of GDP PPP (kilogrammes of CO2 per constant 2017 United States dollars) G
KG_PER_CON_USD E
Carbon dioxide emissions per unit of manufacturing value added (kilogrammes of CO2 per constant 2015 United
States dollars) G A KG_PER_CON_USD ISIC4_C E
Children moderately or severely overweight (thousands) G A NUM_TH <5Y M
Children moderately or severely stunted (thousands) G A NUM_TH <5Y M
Chlorophyll-a anomaly, remote sensing (%) G D PERCENT Extreme E
Chlorophyll-a anomaly, remote sensing (%) G D PERCENT High E
Chlorophyll-a anomaly, remote sensing (%) G D PERCENT Moderate E
Chlorophyll-a deviations, remote sensing (%) G A PERCENT E
Countries that are contracting Parties to the International Treaty on Plant Genetic Resources for Food and
Agriculture (PGRFA) (1 = YES; 0 = NO) G NUMBER C
Countries that are parties to the Nagoya Protocol (1 = YES; 0 = NO) G NUMBER C
Countries that established national targets in accordance with Aichi Biodiversity Target 2 of the Strategic Plan for
Biodiversity 2011-2020 in their National Biodiversity Strategy and Action Plans (1 = YES; 0 = NO) G A NUMBER _T C
Countries that have legislative, administrative and policy framework or measures reported through the Online
Reporting System on Compliance of the International Treaty on Plant Genetic Resources for Food and Agriculture
(PGRFA) (1 = YES; 0 = NO) G NUMBER C
Countries that have legislative, administrative and policy framework or measures reported to the Access and
Benefit-Sharing Clearing-House (1 = YES; 0 = NO) G NUMBER C
Countries that have national urban policies or regional development plans that respond to population dynamics;
ensure balanced territorial development; and increase local fiscal space (1 = YES; 0 = NO) G NUMBER C
Countries with an allocation from the national budget to manage the threat of invasive alien species (1 = YES, 0 =
NO) G BOOL N
Countries with birth registration data that are at least 90 percent complete (1 = YES; 0 = NO) G NUMBER C
Countries with death registration data that are at least 75 percent complete (1 = YES; 0 = NO) G NUMBER C


                                                                                                                       97
Technical

Appendix
                 2024 UN E-Government Survey


                 Table 16         (continued)


                  Sustainable Development Goals indicators.
                  Countries with national statistical legislation exists that complies with the Fundamental Principles of Official
                  Statistics (1 = YES; 0 = NO) G NUMBER G
                  Countries with national statistical plans that are fully funded (1 = YES; 0 = NO) G NUMBER G
                  Countries with national statistical plans that are under implementation (1 = YES; 0 = NO) G NUMBER G
                  Current account balance as a proportion of GDP (%) G PERCENT G
                  Current number of seats in national parliaments (number) BOTHSEX G NUMBER C
                  DEC alternative conversion factor (in local currency unit per United States dollar) G Ratio G
                  Data Infrastructure performance index (Statistical Performance Indicators Pillar 5) (Index) G INDEX G
                  Data Sources performance index (Statistical Performance Indicators Pillar 4) (Index) G INDEX G
                  Degree of integrated water resources management implementation (%) G A PERCENT _T C
                  Degree of integrated water resources management implementation, enabling environment (%) G A PERCENT _T C
                  Degree of integrated water resources management implementation, financing (%) G A PERCENT _T C
                  Degree of integrated water resources management implementation, institutions and participation (%) G A PERCENT _T C
                  Degree of integrated water resources management implementation, management instruments (%) G A PERCENT _T C
                  Developing countries’ and least developed countries’ share of global merchandise exports (%) G A PERCENT CA
                  Developing countries’ and least developed countries’ share of global merchandise imports (%) G A PERCENT CA
                  Developing countries’ and least developed countries’ share of global services exports (%) G A PERCENT CA
                  Developing countries’ and least developed countries’ share of global services imports (%) G A PERCENT CA
                  Dollar value of all resources made available to strengthen statistical capacity in developing countries (current United
                  States dollars) G CU_USD G
                  Domestic material consumption per capita, by type of raw material (tonnes) G ALP A TONNES E
                  Domestic material consumption per capita, by type of raw material (tonnes) G BIM A TONNES E
                  Domestic material consumption per capita, by type of raw material (tonnes) G CPR A TONNES E
                  Domestic material consumption per capita, by type of raw material (tonnes) G CRO A TONNES E
                  Domestic material consumption per capita, by type of raw material (tonnes) G FEO A TONNES E
                  Domestic material consumption per capita, by type of raw material (tonnes) G GBO A TONNES E
                  Domestic material consumption per capita, by type of raw material (tonnes) G NFO A TONNES E
                  Domestic material consumption per capita, by type of raw material (tonnes) G NMA A TONNES E
                  Domestic material consumption per capita, by type of raw material (tonnes) G NMC A TONNES E
                  Domestic material consumption per capita, by type of raw material (tonnes) G NMM A TONNES E
                  Domestic material consumption per capita, by type of raw material (tonnes) G WCH A TONNES E
                  Domestic material consumption per capita, by type of raw material (tonnes) G WOD A TONNES E
                  Domestic material consumption per unit of GDP, by type of raw material (kilograms per constant 2015 United
                  States dollars) G ALP A KG_PER_CON_USD E
                  Domestic material consumption per unit of GDP, by type of raw material (kilograms per constant 2015 United
                  States dollars) G BIM A KG_PER_CON_USD E
                  Domestic material consumption per unit of GDP, by type of raw material (kilograms per constant 2015 United
                  States dollars) G CPR A KG_PER_CON_USD E
                  Domestic material consumption per unit of GDP, by type of raw material (kilograms per constant 2015 United
                  States dollars) G CRO A KG_PER_CON_USD E
                  Domestic material consumption per unit of GDP, by type of raw material (kilograms per constant 2015 United
                  States dollars) G FEO A KG_PER_CON_USD E
                  Domestic material consumption per unit of GDP, by type of raw material (kilograms per constant 2015 United
                  States dollars) G GBO A KG_PER_CON_USD E
                  Domestic material consumption per unit of GDP, by type of raw material (kilograms per constant 2015 United
                  States dollars) G NFO A KG_PER_CON_USD C
            98
                                                                                                                             Technical

                                                                                                                             Appendix

Table 16       (continued)


Sustainable Development Goals indicators.
Domestic material consumption per unit of GDP, by type of raw material (kilograms per constant 2015 United
States dollars) G NMA A KG_PER_CON_USD E
Domestic material consumption per unit of GDP, by type of raw material (kilograms per constant 2015 United
States dollars) G NMC A KG_PER_CON_USD E
Domestic material consumption per unit of GDP, by type of raw material (kilograms per constant 2015 United
States dollars) G NMM A KG_PER_CON_USD E
Domestic material consumption per unit of GDP, by type of raw material (kilograms per constant 2015 United
States dollars) G WCH A KG_PER_CON_USD E
Domestic material consumption per unit of GDP, by type of raw material (kilograms per constant 2015 United
States dollars) G WOD A KG_PER_CON_USD E
Domestic material consumption, by type of raw material (tonnes) G BIM A TONNES E
Domestic material consumption, by type of raw material (tonnes) G FEO A TONNES E
Domestic material consumption, by type of raw material (tonnes) G GBO A TONNES E
Domestic material consumption, by type of raw material (tonnes) G MEO A TONNES E
Domestic material consumption, by type of raw material (tonnes) G NFO A TONNES C
Domestic material consumption, by type of raw material (tonnes) G NMA A TONNES E
Domestic material consumption, by type of raw material (tonnes) G WCH A TONNES E
Domestic material consumption, by type of raw material (tonnes) G WOD A TONNES E
Energy intensity level of primary energy (megajoules per constant 2017 purchasing power parity GDP) G MJ_PER_
GDP_CON_PPP_USD E
Existence of a developed and operationalized national strategy for youth employment, as a distinct strategy or as
part of a national employment strategy G A SCORE G
Exported beach litter originating from national land-based sources (Tonnes) G A TONNES M
Fixed broadband subscriptions per 100 inhabitants, by speed (per 100 inhabitants) 256KT2MBPS G PER_100_POP E
Fixed broadband subscriptions per 100 inhabitants, by speed (per 100 inhabitants) 2MT10MBPS G PER_100_POP E
Fixed broadband subscriptions per 100 inhabitants, by speed (per 100 inhabitants) ANYS G PER_100_POP E
Food waste (Tonnes) HHS G A TONNES E
Food waste (Tonnes) OOHC G A TONNES E
Food waste (Tonnes) RTL G A TONNES E
Food waste per capita (KG) ALL G A KG E
Food waste per capita (KG) HHS G A KG E
Food waste per capita (KG) OOHC G A KG E
Food waste per capita (KG) RTL G A KG E
Foreign direct investment (FDI) inflows (millions of United States dollars) G CU_USD_M C
Foreign direct investment, net inflows, as a proportion of GDP (%) G PERCENT G
Forest area (thousands of hectares) G A HA_TH C
Forest area as a proportion of total land area (%) G A PERCENT C
Forest area certified under an independently verified certification scheme (thousands of hectares) G A HA_TH C
Fossil-fuel subsidies (consumption and production) (billions of nominal United States dollars) G A CU_USD_B E
Fossil-fuel subsidies (consumption and production) as a proportion of total GDP (%) G A PERCENT E
Fossil-fuel subsidies (consumption and production) per capita (nominal United States dollars) G A CU_USD E
Freight volume, by mode of transport (tonne kilometres) AIR G T_KM C
Gross receipts by developing countries of official sustainable development grants (millions of United States dollars)
G CU_USD_M G
Health worker density, by type of occupation (per 10,000 population) G PHYS PER_10000_POP C


                                                                                                                        99
Technical

Appendix
                  2024 UN E-Government Survey


                  Table 16        (continued)


                   Sustainable Development Goals indicators.
                   Implementation of standard accounting tools to monitor the economic and environmental aspects of tourism (SEEA
                   tables) G NUMBER C
                   Implementation of standard accounting tools to monitor the economic and environmental aspects of tourism
                   (Tourism Satellite Account tables) G NUMBER C
                   Implementation of standard accounting tools to monitor the economic and environmental aspects of tourism
                   (number of tables) G NUMBER C
                   Indicator of Food Price Anomalies (IFPA), by Consumer Food Price Index G A INDEX G
                   Installed renewable electricity-generating capacity (watts per capita) G W_PER_CAPITA E
                   International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR01
                   International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR02
                   International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR03
                   International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR04
                   International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR05
                   International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR06
                   International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR07
                   International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR08
                   International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR09
                   International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR10
                   International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR11
                   International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR12
                   International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR13
                   International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR2-C01
                   International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR2-C02
                   International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR2-C03
                   International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR2-C04
                   International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR2-C05
                   International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR2-C06
                   International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR2-C07
                   International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR2-C08
                   International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR2-C09
                   International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR2-C10
                   International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR2-C11
                   International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR2-C12
                   International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR2-C13
                   International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR2-C14
                   International Health Regulations (IHR) capacity, by type of IHR capacity (%) G PERCENT C SPAR2-C15
                   International financial flows to developing countries in support of clean energy research and development and
                   renewable energy production, including in hybrid systems (millions of constant 2021 United States dollars) G
                   CON_USD_M E
                   Lakes and rivers permanent water area (% of total land area) G A PERCENT E
                   Lakes and rivers permanent water area (square kilometres) G A KMSQ E
                   Lakes and rivers permanent water area change (%) G B PERCENT E
                   Lakes and rivers seasonal water area (% of total land area) G A PERCENT E
                   Lakes and rivers seasonal water area (square kilometres) G A KMSQ E
                   Lakes and rivers seasonal water area change (%) G B PERCENT E

            100
                                                                                                                               Technical

                                                                                                                               Appendix

Table 16       (continued)


Sustainable Development Goals indicators.
Legislation, Regulation, Act related to the prevention of introduction and management of Invasive Alien Species (1
= YES, 0 = NO) G BOOL N
Level of national compliance with labour rights (freedom of association and collective bargaining) based on
International Labour Organization (ILO) textual sources and national legislation G E SCORE G
Level of water stress: freshwater withdrawal as a proportion of available freshwater resources (%) G A PERCENT
INDUSTRIES G
Level of water stress: freshwater withdrawal as a proportion of available freshwater resources (%) G A PERCENT
ISIC4_GTT G
Level of water stress: freshwater withdrawal as a proportion of available freshwater resources (%) G A PERCENT
TOTAL G
Manufacturing value added (constant 2015 United States dollars) as a proportion of GDP (%) G A PERCENT
ISIC4_C CA
Manufacturing value added (current United States dollars) as a proportion of GDP (%) G A PERCENT ISIC4_C CA
Manufacturing value added per capita (constant 2015 United States dollars) G A CON_USD ISIC4_C CA
Maternal mortality ratio FEMALE G PER_100000_LIVE_BIRTHS E
Merchandise trade as a proportion of GDP (%) G PERCENT G
National Biodiversity Strategy and Action Plan (NBSAP) targets alignment to Aichi Biodiversity target 9 set out in the
Strategic Plan for Biodiversity 2011-2020 (1 = YES, 0 = NO) G BOOL N
Neonatal deaths (number) BOTHSEX G NUMBER <1M E
Neonatal mortality rate (deaths per 1,000 live births) BOTHSEX G PER_1000_LIVE_BIRTHS <1M E
Non-performing loans net of provisions to capital (%) G A PERCENT C
Non-performing loans to total gross loans (%) G A PERCENT C
Number of automated teller machines (ATMs) per 100,000 adults G A PER_100000_POP 15+ C
Number of commercial bank branches per 100,000 adults G A PER_100000_POP 15+ C
Number of fixed broadband subscriptions, by speed (number) 256KT2MBPS G NUMBER C
Number of fixed broadband subscriptions, by speed (number) 2MT10MBPS G NUMBER C
Number of fixed broadband subscriptions, by speed (number) ANYS G NUMBER C
Number of local breeds kept in the country G E NUMBER E
Number of local breeds with unknown risk status (number) G E NUMBER E
Number of people requiring interventions against neglected tropical diseases (number) G NUMBER CA
Number of refugees per 100,000 population, by country of origin (per 100,000 population) G PER_100000_POP C
Number of seats held by women in national parliaments (number) FEMALE G NUMBER C
Number of speakers in parliament, by age and sex , Lower Chamber or Unicameral MALE G NUMBER 46+ C
Number of transboundary breeds (including extinct ones) G E NUMBER E
Number of youth in parliament (age 45 or below), Lower Chamber or Unicameral (Number) G NUMBER <=45Y C
Open Data Inventory (ODIN) Coverage Index G INDEX E
Parties meeting their commitments and obligations in transmitting information as required by Basel Convention on
hazardous waste, and other chemicals (%) G PERCENT C
Parties meeting their commitments and obligations in transmitting information as required by Rotterdam
Convention on hazardous waste, and other chemicals (%) G PERCENT C
Parties meeting their commitments and obligations in transmitting information as required by Stockholm
Convention on hazardous waste, and other chemicals (%) G PERCENT C
Passenger volume (passenger kilometres), by mode of transport AIR G P_KM C
Population in moderate or severe food insecurity (thousands of people) MALE G A NUM_TH 15+ G
Population in severe food insecurity (thousands of people) FEMALE G A NUM_TH 15+ G


                                                                                                                         101
Technical

Appendix
                  2024 UN E-Government Survey


                  Table 16        (continued)


                   Sustainable Development Goals indicators.
                   Population in severe food insecurity (thousands of people) MALE G A NUM_TH 15+ G
                   Portfolio investment, net (Balance of Payments, current United States dollars) G CU_USD G
                   Prevalence of moderate or severe food insecurity in the population (%) MALE ALLAREA G A PERCENT 15+ G
                   Prevalence of severe food insecurity in the population (%) MALE ALLAREA G A PERCENT 15+ G
                   Prevalence of undernourishment (%) G E PERCENT E
                   Proportion of children moderately or severely overweight (%) G A PER_POP_U5 <5Y M
                   Proportion of children moderately or severely stunted (%) G A PER_POP_U5 <5Y M
                   Proportion of domestic budget funded by domestic taxes (%) G A PERCENT C
                   Proportion of population covered by at least a 2G mobile network (%) G PERCENT C
                   Proportion of population covered by at least a 3G mobile network (%) G PERCENT C
                   Proportion of population covered by at least a 4G mobile network (%) G PERCENT C
                   Proportion of population practicing open defecation, by urban/rural (%) ALLAREA G PERCENT E
                   Proportion of population practicing open defecation, by urban/rural (%) RURAL G PERCENT E
                   Proportion of population practicing open defecation, by urban/rural (%) URBAN G PERCENT E
                   Proportion of population using basic drinking water services, by location (%) ALLAREA G PERCENT E
                   Proportion of population using basic drinking water services, by location (%) RURAL G PERCENT E
                   Proportion of population using basic drinking water services, by location (%) URBAN G PERCENT E
                   Proportion of population using basic sanitation services, by location (%) ALLAREA G PERCENT E
                   Proportion of population using basic sanitation services, by location (%) RURAL G PERCENT E
                   Proportion of population using basic sanitation services, by location (%) URBAN G PERCENT E
                   Proportion of population with access to electricity, by urban/rural (%) ALLAREA G PERCENT M
                   Proportion of population with access to electricity, by urban/rural (%) URBAN G PERCENT M
                   Proportion of seats held by women in national parliaments (% of total number of seats) FEMALE G PERCENT C
                   Proportion of tariff lines applied to imports with zero-tariff (%) G AGR PERCENT C
                   Proportion of tariff lines applied to imports with zero-tariff (%) G ALP PERCENT C
                   Proportion of tariff lines applied to imports with zero-tariff (%) G ARM PERCENT C
                   Proportion of tariff lines applied to imports with zero-tariff (%) G CLO PERCENT C
                   Proportion of tariff lines applied to imports with zero-tariff (%) G IND PERCENT C
                   Proportion of tariff lines applied to imports with zero-tariff (%) G TEX PERCENT C
                   Proportion of the target population who received 3 doses of diphtheria-tetanus-pertussis (DTP3) vaccine (%) G
                   PERCENT E
                   Proportion of the target population who received a 3rd dose of pneumococcal conjugate (PCV3) vaccine (%) G
                   PERCENT E
                   Proportion of the target population who received measles-containing-vaccine second-dose (MCV2) (%) G PERCENT E
                   Proportion of voting rights of developing countries in international organizations, by organization (%) G PERCENT G IMF
                   Proportion of youth in parliament (age 45 or below), Lower Chamber or Unicameral (%) G PERCENT <=45Y C
                   Ratio for female members of parliaments (Ratio of the proportion of women in parliament in the proportion of
                   women in the national population with the age of eligibility as a lower bound boundary), Lower Chamber or
                   Unicameral G Ratio C
                   Ratio of young members in parliament (Ratio of the proportion of young members in parliament (age 45 or
                   below) in the proportion of the national population (age 45 or below) with the age of eligibility as a lower bound
                   boundary), Lower Chamber or Unicameral G Ratio <=45Y C
                   Recipient countries of global funding with access to any funding from global financial mechanisms for projects
                   related to invasive alien species management (1 = YES, 0 = NO) G BOOL N
                   Red List Index G INDEX E


            102
                                                                                                                           Technical

                                                                                                                           Appendix

Table 16       (continued)


Sustainable Development Goals indicators.
Regulatory Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets (%) G A PERCENT C
Regulatory capital to assets (%) G A PERCENT C
Renewable energy share in the total final energy consumption (%) G PERCENT E
Reservoir minimum water area (% of total land area) G A PERCENT E
Reservoir minimum water area (square kilometres) G A KMSQ E
Reservoir minimum water area change (%) G B PERCENT E
Return on assets (%) G A PERCENT C
Total government revenue (budgetary central government) as a proportion of GDP (%) G A PERCENT C
Total government revenue, in local currency G A CUR_LCU_M C
Total reported number of Standard Material Transfer Agreements (SMTAs) transferring plant genetic resources for
food and agriculture to the country (number) G NUMBER C
Total reserves in months of imports (ratio) G Ratio G
Tuberculosis incidence (per 100,000 population) G PER_100000_POP G
Under-five deaths (number) MALE G NUMBER <5Y E
Under-five mortality rate, by sex (deaths per 1,000 live births) MALE G PER_1000_LIVE_BIRTHS <5Y E
Universal health coverage (UHC) service coverage index G INDEX E
Volume of remittances (in United States dollars) as a proportion of total GDP (%) G PERCENT G
Water Use Efficiency (United States dollars per cubic meter) G A USD/m3 INDUSTRIES G
Water Use Efficiency (United States dollars per cubic meter) G A USD/m3 ISIC4_A01_A0210_A0322 G
Water Use Efficiency (United States dollars per cubic meter) G A USD/m3 ISIC4_GTT G
Water Use Efficiency (United States dollars per cubic meter) G A USD/m3 TOTAL G
Worldwide weighted tariff-average, most-favoured-nation status, by type of product (%) G AGR PERCENT C
Worldwide weighted tariff-average, most-favoured-nation status, by type of product (%) G ALP PERCENT C
Worldwide weighted tariff-average, most-favoured-nation status, by type of product (%) G CLO PERCENT C
Worldwide weighted tariff-average, most-favoured-nation status, by type of product (%) G IND PERCENT C
Worldwide weighted tariff-average, most-favoured-nation status, by type of product (%) G TEX PERCENT C
Worldwide weighted tariff-average, preferential status, by type of product (%) G AGR PERCENT C
Worldwide weighted tariff-average, preferential status, by type of product (%) G ALP PERCENT C
Worldwide weighted tariff-average, preferential status, by type of product (%) G CLO PERCENT C
Worldwide weighted tariff-average, preferential status, by type of product (%) G IND PERCENT C
Worldwide weighted tariff-average, preferential status, by type of product (%) G TEX PERCENT C
[ILO] Proportion of children/households receiving child/family cash benefit, by sex (%) BOTHSEX G A PERCENT E
[ILO] Proportion of employed population covered in the event of work injury, by sex (%) BOTHSEX G A PERCENT E
[ILO] Proportion of mothers with newborns receiving maternity cash benefit (%) FEMALE G A PERCENT E
[ILO] Proportion of population above statutory pensionable age receiving a pension, by sex (%) BOTHSEX G A
PERCENT E
[ILO] Proportion of population covered by at least one social protection benefit, by sex (%) BOTHSEX G A PERCENT E
[ILO] Proportion of population with severe disabilities receiving disability cash benefit, by sex (%) BOTHSEX G A
PERCENT E
[ILO] Proportion of unemployed persons receiving unemployment cash benefit, by sex (%) BOTHSEX G A PERCENT E
[ILO] Proportion of vulnerable population receiving social assistance cash benefit, by sex (%) BOTHSEX G A
PERCENT E




                                                                                                                     103
Technical

Appendix
                  2024 UN E-Government Survey


                  Table 17     Most and least similar states in the complex network built from selected
                  indicators, with the related Pearson correlation values


                                                Most similar State                        Less similar State
                   Afghanistan                  Eritrea (0.6525)                          Canada (0.2313)
                   Albania                      Moldova (0.8639)                          Equatorial Guinea (0.2550)
                   Algeria                      Tunisia (0.8409)                          Chad (0.2111)
                   Andorra                      St. Kitts and Nevis (0.8037)              Liberia (0.2166)
                   Angola                       Mozambique (0.7296)                       China (0.2218)
                   Antigua and Barbuda          St. Lucia (0.8669)                        Somalia (0.2058)
                   Argentina                    Uruguay (0.7661)                          Central African Republic (0.1977)
                   Armenia                      Georgia (0.8799)                          South Sudan (0.2412)
                   Australia                    Denmark (0.8531)                          Guinea-Bissau (0.1804)
                   Austria                      Greece (0.8763)                           Haiti (0.2130)
                   Azerbaijan                   Kazakhstan (0.7980)                       South Sudan (0.1963)
                   Bahamas                      Antigua and Barbuda (0.7323)              China (0.1984)
                   Bahrain                      Kuwait (0.7931)                           Somalia (0.2358)
                   Bangladesh                   Morocco (0.7554)                          Somalia (0.2503)
                                                                                          Democratic Republic of the Congo
                   Barbados                     Trinidad and Tobago (0.8486)
                                                                                          (0.2038)
                                                                                          Democratic Republic of the Congo
                   Belarus                      Portugal (0.8218)
                                                                                          (0.2248)
                   Belgium                      Portugal (0.8448)                         Equatorial Guinea (0.2021)
                   Belize                       St. Vincent and the Grenadines (0.7326)   China (0.1695)
                   Benin                        Togo (0.7919)                             Russian Federation (0.1648)
                   Bhutan                       Yemen (0.6873)                            Liechtenstein (0.2171)
                   Bolivia                      Tunisia (0.7670)                          South Sudan (0.2770)
                                                                                          Democratic Republic of the Congo
                   Bosnia and Herzegovina       North Macedonia (0.8198)
                                                                                          (0.2123)
                                                                                          Democratic People's Republic of Korea
                   Botswana                     Brunei Darussalam (0.7189)
                                                                                          (0.2300)
                   Brazil                       Spain (0.6885)                            Equatorial Guinea (0.1734)
                   Brunei Darussalam            Bosnia and Herzegovina (0.7966)           Uganda (0.2052)
                                                                                          Democratic Republic of the Congo
                   Bulgaria                     Czech Republic (0.8561)
                                                                                          (0.2214)
                   Burkina Faso                 Togo (0.8122)                             Russian Federation (0.2373)
                   Burundi                      Guinea (0.7896)                           Australia (0.1928)
                   Cabo Verde                   Trinidad and Tobago (0.7744)              Central African Republic (0.2348)
                   Cambodia                     Laos (0.7904)                             United States (0.2000)
                   Cameroon                     Sudan (0.7806)                            Australia (0.2032)
                   Canada                       Australia (0.8131)                        Madagascar (0.1623)
                   Central African Republic     Guinea-Bissau (0.7263)                    United States (-0.2478)
                   Chad                         Burkina Faso (0.7184)                     Ukraine (0.1715)
                                                                                          Democratic Republic of the Congo
                   Chile                        Armenia (0.8077)
                                                                                          (0.1801)
                   China                        United States (0.7029)                    Central African Republic (-0.2044)
                   Colombia                     Costa Rica (0.8323)                       Chad (0.1935)



            104
                                                                                                                   Technical

                                                                                                                   Appendix

Table 17         (continued)


                               Most similar State                        Less similar State
Comoros                        Cote d'Ivoire (0.7168)                    Russian Federation (0.1879)
Costa Rica                     Latvia (0.8359)                           South Sudan (0.2013)
Cote d'Ivoire                  Togo (0.8431)                             China (0.1843)
Croatia                        Spain (0.8998)                            South Sudan (0.2181)
                                                                         Democratic Republic of the Congo
Cuba                           Portugal (0.7794)
                                                                         (0.2198)
                                                                         Democratic Republic of the Congo
Cyprus                         Lithuania (0.8158)
                                                                         (0.1972)
                                                                         Democratic Republic of the Congo
Czech Republic                 Austria (0.8745)
                                                                         (0.2275)
Democratic Republic of the
                               Nigeria (0.7045)                          Kazakhstan (0.1712)
Congo
Democratic People’s                                                      Democratic Republic of the Congo
                               Iran, Islamic Rep. (0.5857)
Republic of Korea                                                        (0.1917)
Denmark                        Norway (0.9016)                           Equatorial Guinea (0.1901)
Djibouti                       Fiji (0.6164)                             United Kingdom (0.1891)
Dominica                       St. Vincent and the Grenadines (0.8315)   China (0.1906)
Dominican Republic             Honduras (0.8064)                         Central African Republic (0.2232)
Ecuador                        Morocco (0.7890)                          Central African Republic (0.1835)
Egypt                          Tunisia (0.8130)                          Somalia (0.2004)
El Salvador                    Nicaragua (0.8394)                        San Marino (0.2219)
Equatorial Guinea              Gabon (0.6910)                            Brazil (0.1734)
Eritrea                        Togo (0.7348)                             San Marino (0.2664)
Estonia                        Latvia (0.8996)                           Chad (0.2164)
Eswatini                       Laos (0.6994)                             United States (0.1899)
Ethiopia                       Sudan (0.7588)                            Brunei Darussalam (0.2349)
Fiji                           Maldives (0.7614)                         South Sudan (0.2095)
Finland                        Sweden (0.9214)                           Equatorial Guinea (0.2148)
France                         Spain (0.9042)                            Liberia (0.1980)
Gabon                          Republic of Congo (0.7617)                Russian Federation (0.2143)
Gambia                         Guinea (0.7673)                           Liechtenstein (0.2364)
Georgia                        Armenia (0.8799)                          Chad (0.2249)
Germany                        France (0.8977)                           Madagascar (0.1950)
Ghana                          Senegal (0.7473)                          China (0.1839)
                                                                         Democratic Republic of the Congo
Greece                         Austria (0.8763)
                                                                         (0.2213)
Grenada                        St. Vincent and the Grenadines (0.8195)   Chad (0.2076)
Guatemala                      Morocco (0.7444)                          Liechtenstein (0.2151)
Guinea                         Mali (0.8123)                             Japan (0.1777)
Guinea-Bissau                  Sierra Leone (0.7702)                     Australia (0.1804)
Guyana                         St. Lucia (0.7801)                        Central African Republic (0.1978)
Haiti                          Zambia (0.6177)                           India (0.1806)
Honduras                       Dominican Republic (0.8064)               San Marino (0.2356)
Hungary                        Croatia (0.8880)                          Chad (0.2174)



                                                                                                             105
Technical

Appendix
                  2024 UN E-Government Survey


                  Table 17         (continued)


                                                 Most similar State                        Less similar State
                   Iceland                       Norway (0.8257)                           Somalia (0.2360)
                   India                         China (0.6792)                            Haiti (0.1806)
                   Indonesia                     Philippines (0.7654)                      Somalia (0.2110)
                   Iran                          Algeria (0.7494)                          Lesotho (0.2013)
                   Iraq                          Syrian Arab Republic (0.7402)             Equatorial Guinea (0.1988)
                   Ireland                       Latvia (0.8212)                           Haiti (0.1907)
                   Israel                        Singapore (0.8219)                        Guinea (0.2043)
                                                                                           Democratic Republic of the Congo
                   Italy                         Spain (0.8797)
                                                                                           (0.1832)
                   Jamaica                       El Salvador (0.8212)                      South Sudan (0.2126)
                   Japan                         Republic of Korea (0.8643)                Guinea (0.1777)
                   Jordan                        Laos (0.7426)                             South Sudan (0.2026)
                                                                                           Democratic Republic of the Congo
                   Kazakhstan                    Belarus (0.8055)
                                                                                           (0.1712)
                   Kenya                         Senegal (0.7642)                          China (0.1686)
                   Kiribati                      Federated States of Micronesia (0.7090)   United States (0.1852)
                   Kuwait                        Qatar (0.8578)                            Niger (0.2204)
                   Kyrgyz Republic               Montenegro (0.8207)                       Central African Republic (0.2241)
                   Laos                          Cambodia (0.7904)                         China (0.2144)
                   Latvia                        Lithuania (0.9042)                        Chad (0.1950)
                   Lebanon                       Venezuela (0.7594)                        South Sudan (0.1987)
                   Lesotho                       Namibia (0.6462)                          Russian Federation (0.1803)
                   Liberia                       Guinea-Bissau (0.7682)                    Australia (0.1876)
                   Libya                         Iraq (0.7014)                             Somalia (0.1901)
                   Liechtenstein                 Singapore (0.7105)                        Guatemala (0.2151)
                   Lithuania                     Latvia (0.9042)                           Niger (0.2211)
                   Luxembourg                    Denmark (0.8322)                          Madagascar (0.2121)
                   Madagascar                    Togo (0.7685)                             Canada (0.1623)
                   Malawi                        Burundi (0.7889)                          Australia (0.1857)
                   Malaysia                      Thailand (0.8364)                         Somalia (0.1819)
                                                                                           Democratic Republic of the Congo
                   Maldives                      Fiji (0.7614)
                                                                                           (0.1718)
                   Mali                          Guinea (0.8123)                           Russian Federation (0.2137)
                   Malta                         Croatia (0.8678)                          Chad (0.2372)
                   Marshall Islands              Tuvalu (0.7777)                           Canada (0.2222)
                   Mauritania                    Senegal (0.7644)                          Russian Federation (0.1859)
                                                                                           Democratic Republic of the Congo
                   Mauritius                     Seychelles (0.7570)
                                                                                           (0.2133)
                   Mexico                        Costa Rica (0.7895)                       Somalia (0.1890)
                   Federated States of
                                                 Marshall Islands (0.7744)                 Chad (0.2106)
                   Micronesia
                   Moldova                       Albania (0.8639)                          Central African Republic (0.2039)
                   Monaco                        Andorra (0.7751)                          Ethiopia (0.2515)
                                                                                           Democratic Republic of the Congo
                   Mongolia                      Portugal (0.7763)
                                                                                           (0.2512)

            106
                                                                                                             Technical

                                                                                                             Appendix

Table 17       (continued)


                             Most similar State                Less similar State
Montenegro                   Kyrgyz Republic (0.8207)          Chad (0.2049)
Morocco                      Tunisia (0.8694)                  Central African Republic (0.1948)
Mozambique                   Yemen (0.7978)                    United States (0.2112)
Myanmar                      Laos (0.7676)                     United States (0.2815)
Namibia                      Yemen(0.7164)                     China (0.2233)
Nauru                        Bosnia and Herzegovina (0.6476)   Senegal (0.2209)
Nepal                        Laos (0.7410)                     Russian Federation (0.1982)
Netherlands                  Denmark (0.8814)                  Madagascar (0.1985)
New Zealand                  Portugal (0.8089)                 Sierra Leone (0.1880)
Nicaragua                    El Salvador (0.8394)              Central African Republic (0.1936)
Niger                        Benin (0.7856)                    Thailand (0.1703)
Nigeria                      Pakistan (0.7167)                 China (0.1825)
North Macedonia              Bosnia and Herzegovina (0.8198)   Niger (0.2561)
Norway                       Denmark (0.9016)                  Chad (0.1836)
Oman                         Kuwait (0.8210)                   Somalia (0.1903)
Pakistan                     Nigeria (0.7167)                  United States (0.2103)
Palau                        Tonga (0.7356)                    Burkina Faso (0.2820)
Panama                       Albania (0.7916)                  Central African Republic (0.2043)
Papua New Guinea             Yemen (0.7046)                    Turkmenistan (0.2014)
Paraguay                     Trinidad and Tobago (0.7376)      Central African Republic (0.2085)
Peru                         Ecuador (0.7558)                  Central African Republic (0.2217)
Philippines                  Malaysia (0.7956)                 Central African Republic (0.1886)
                                                               Democratic Republic of the Congo
Poland                       Slovenia (0.8394)
                                                               (0.1985)
                                                               Democratic Republic of the Congo
Portugal                     Spain (0.8997)
                                                               (0.2470)
Qatar                        United Arab Emirates (0.8644)     South Sudan (0.2052)
Republic of Congo            Gabon (0.7617)                    Nauru (0.2380)
Republic of Korea            Japan (0.8643)                    Niger (0.1796)
Romania                      Czech Republic (0.8706)           South Sudan (0.2091)
Russian Federation           Canada (0.7528)                   Benin (0.1648)
Rwanda                       Yemen (0.7822)                    China (0.2315)
Samoa                        Tuvalu (0.7869)                   Central African Republic (0.2004)
San Marino                   Monaco (0.6633)                   Lesotho (0.2214)
                                                               Democratic People's Republic of Korea
Sao Tome and Principe        Gambia, The (0.7257)
                                                               (0.2054)
                                                               Democratic Republic of the Congo
Saudi Arabia                 Kuwait (0.8394)
                                                               (0.2159)
Senegal                      Mauritania (0.7644)               United States (0.1969)
                                                               Democratic Republic of the Congo
Serbia                       Bulgaria (0.8083)
                                                               (0.2349)
Seychelles                   Mauritius (0.7570)                China (0.2058)
Sierra Leone                 Guinea-Bissau (0.7702)            India (0.1847)
Singapore                    Israel (0.8219)                   Liberia (0.1942)



                                                                                                       107
Technical

Appendix
                  2024 UN E-Government Survey


                  Table 17         (continued)


                                                 Most similar State                        Less similar State
                   Slovak Republic               Hungary (0.8842)                          Chad (0.1906)
                   Slovenia                      Lithuania (0.8937)                        Guinea-Bissau (0.2516)
                   Solomon Islands               Samoa (0.6729)                            China (0.1904)
                   Somalia                       South Sudan (0.6638)                      Malaysia (0.1819)
                   South Africa                  Mexico (0.7696)                           South Sudan (0.2125)
                   South Sudan                   Central African Republic (0.6859)         Uzbekistan (0.1927)
                   Spain                         France (0.9042)                           Chad (0.1860)
                   Sri Lanka                     El Salvador (0.7402)                      South Sudan (0.2019)
                   St. Kitts and Nevis           St. Vincent and the Grenadines (0.8058)   Chad (0.2297)
                   St. Lucia                     Antigua and Barbuda (0.8669)              Somalia (0.2567)
                   St. Vincent and the
                                                 Dominica (0.8315)                         China (0.1947)
                   Grenadines
                   Sudan                         Cameroon (0.7806)                         Russian Federation (0.2166)
                   Suriname                      Trinidad and Tobago (0.7443)              Central African Republic (0.2046)
                   Sweden                        Finland (0.9214)                          Equatorial Guinea (0.1965)
                   Switzerland                   Sweden (0.8865)                           Sierra Leone (0.1992)
                   Syrian Arab Republic          Iraq (0.7402)                             China (0.2177)
                   Tajikistan                    Kyrgyz Republic (0.7569)                  United States (0.2792)
                   Tanzania                      Kenya (0.7397)                            Russian Federation (0.2188)
                   Thailand                      Malaysia (0.8364)                         Niger (0.1703)
                                                                                           Democratic Republic of the Congo
                   Timor-Leste                   Tuvalu (0.6724)
                                                                                           (0.2653)
                   Togo                          Cote d'Ivoire (0.8431)                    Russian Federation (0.2079)
                   Tonga                         Samoa (0.7798)                            Central African Republic (0.1810)
                   Trinidad and Tobago           Barbados (0.8486)                         Chad (0.2398)
                   Tunisia                       Morocco (0.8694)                          Central African Republic (0.1943)
                   Türkiye                       Spain (0.7528)                            Madagascar (0.2019)
                                                                                           Democratic Republic of the Congo
                   Turkmenistan                  Bahrain (0.7553)
                                                                                           (0.1862)
                   Tuvalu                        Samoa (0.7869)                            Central African Republic (0.2054)
                   Uganda                        Rwanda (0.7288)                           Brunei Darussalam (0.2052)
                   Ukraine                       Greece (0.7377)                           Chad (0.1715)
                   United Arab Emirates          Qatar (0.8644)                            Madagascar (0.1988)
                   United Kingdom                France (0.8938)                           Djibouti (0.1891)
                   United States                 Canada (0.7619)                           Central African Republic (-0.2478)
                   Uruguay                       Serbia (0.7935)                           South Sudan (0.2177)
                                                                                           Democratic Republic of the Congo
                   Uzbekistan                    Bahrain (0.7876)
                                                                                           (0.1772)
                   Vanuatu                       Tajikistan (0.7444)                       United States (0.2191)
                   Venezuela                     Lebanon (0.7594)                          Niger (0.2798)
                   Vietnam                       Cote d'Ivoire (0.7002)                    China (0.1904)
                   Yemen                         Mozambique (0.7978)                       United States (0.2132)
                   Zambia                        Burkina Faso (0.7924)                     China (0.1705)
                   Zimbabwe                      Thailand (0.7099)                         Somalia (0.2281)



            108
                                                                                                                                      Technical

                                                                                                                                      Appendix

15. Addendum on Artificial Intelligence
Table 18        Selected list of United Nations Artificial Intelligence initiatives


UN Resolutions
Title                     Description                                                          URL
Resolution A/RES/78/311   “Enhancing international cooperation on capacity-                    https://digitallibrary.un.org/
                          building of artificial intelligence: draft resolution” (25 record/4053245?ln=en&v=pdf
                          June 2024)
                          This emphasizes the importance of international
                          cooperation in building artificial intelligence (AI)
                          capacity,    especially       in    developing    countries.    It
                          highlights the need for AI systems to be safe, reliable,
                          trustworthy, and inclusive, with a focus on promoting
                          human rights and adhering to international law. The
                          resolution recognizes the rapid technological changes
                          and the potential of AI to contribute to sustainable
                          development goals, while also acknowledging the risks
                          and challenges associated with its misuse.
Resolution A/RES/78/265   “Seizing the opportunities of safe, secure and                       https://digitallibrary.un.org/
                          trustworthy      artificial        intelligence   systems      for   record/4043244?v=pdf
                          sustainable development“ (2024)* Adopted on March
                          21, 2024, this landmark resolution is the first UN
                          resolution focused entirely on AI. It emphasizes the
                          importance of developing AI systems that are safe,
                          secure, and trustworthy while promoting sustainable
                          development. The resolution calls for international
                          cooperation, equitable access to AI technologies, and
                          the protection of human rights. It also highlights the
                          need for regulatory frameworks at both national and
                          international levels to manage AI risks and ensure its
                          benefits are widely shared.
Resolution A/             “New and emerging digital technologies and human                     https://digitallibrary.un.org/
HRC/53/L.27/Rev.1         rights“ adopted by the Human Rights Council on 14                    record/4020206?ln=en&v=pdf
                          July 2023
                          It points out the importance of addressing the human
                          rights implications of new and emerging digital
                          technologies. It highlights the need for international
                          cooperation and a human rights-based approach to
                          regulate and utilize these technologies to ensure they
                          contribute to the promotion and protection of human
                          rights.




                                                                                                                                109
Technical

Appendix
                  2024 UN E-Government Survey


                  Table 18            (continued)


                   UN Secretariat
                   Secretary General Advisory Body
                   Title                        Description                                                  URL
                   Governing AI for             The interim report by the UN High-level Advisory Body        https://www.un.org/en/ai-
                   Humanity - United            on AI outlines principles and functions for global AI        advisory-body
                   Nations (2023)               governance. It addresses the opportunities, risks,
                                                and challenges of AI, proposing a framework for
                                                international collaboration to ensure AI benefits all
                                                humanity while mitigating risks.
                   High level advisory body on Artificial Intelligence
                   Interim Report:              The report calls for a closer alignment between              https://www.un.org/en/ai-
                   Governing AI for             international norms and how AI is developed and              advisory-body
                   Humanity                     rolled out.


                   UN DESA
                   With AI, jobs are            It explores AI's impact on labor markets, emphasizing        https://www.un.org/tr/desa/
                   changing but no mass         its replacement of routine tasks and the creation of         ai-jobs-are-changing-no-mass-
                   unemployment expected        new roles requiring interpersonal skills and advocates       unemployment-expected-un-
                   - UN labour experts          for policies ensuring equitable AI benefits and urges        labour-experts
                                                governments to adopt flexible regulations and
                                                enhance social protections. ILO stresses the importance
                                                of adapting to digital technology.
                   Frontier Issues:             This is to provide a comprehensive analysis of how           https://www.un.org/
                   The Impact of the            technological advancements, particularly those               development/desa/dpad/
                   Technological Revolution     involving artificial intelligence (AI) and automation, are   wp-content/uploads/sites/45/
                   on Labour Markets and        transforming the global economy and labor markets.           publication/2017_Aug_
                   Income Distribution (July.                                                                Frontier-Issues-1.pdf
                   2017)


                   Internet Governance Forum
                   Policy Network on            It collects Global multistakeholder effort on AI and         https://www.intgovforum.org/
                   Artificial Intelligence      provides Four new PNAI focus areas for 2024, building        en/pnai
                   (PNAI)                       on the previous AI discussions.


                   UNESCO
                   Recommendation on            UNESCO’s first-ever global standard on AI ethics – was       https://www.unesco.org/en/
                   the Ethics of Artificial     adopted by all 193 Member States in November 2021.           articles/recommendation-
                   Intelligence                 Adopted by UNESCO member states in November                  ethics-artificial-intelligence
                                                2021, the recommendation outlines a series of
                                                values, principles, and actions to guide states in the
                                                formulation of their legislation, policies, and other
                                                instruments regarding AI. For instance, the document
                                                calls for action to guarantee individuals more privacy
                                                and data protection, by ensuring transparency,
                                                agency, and control over their personal data. Explicit
                                                bans on the use of AI systems for social scoring and
                                                mass surveillance are also highlighted, and there are
                                                provisions for ensuring that real-world biases are not
                                                replicated online.

            110
                                                                                                                                 Technical

                                                                                                                                 Appendix

Table 18         (continued)


Title                        Description                                                  URL
Report of the High-          The report details the virtual meeting held on 29 July       https://digitallibrary.un.org/
level Committee on           2020 by the High-level Committee on Programmes               record/3895564?ln=en&v=pdf
Programmes on its            to discuss the ethics of artificial intelligence (AI). The
Virtual Consultation on      meeting, led by UNESCO, focused on developing a
the Ethics of Artificial     global standard-setting instrument on AI ethics. It
Intelligence                 emphasized the importance of addressing ethical
                             concerns such as privacy, data protection, and biases,
                             and highlighted the need for international cooperation
                             and capacity-building. The discussions underscored
                             the critical role of the United Nations in ensuring AI is
                             developed and used ethically and inclusively, benefiting
                             all sectors of society.


ITU
United Nations Activities    This report compiles AI-related activities from 46 UN        https://www.itu.int/dms_pub/
on Artificial Intelligence   agencies, focusing on the ethical use of AI and its          itu-s/opb/gen/S-GEN-UNACT-
(AI)                         application across various sectors. It aims to foster        2022-PDF-E.pdf
                             collaboration and build a common understanding
                             of AI technologies, supporting the 2030 Agenda for
                             Sustainable Development.


UNU
Towards a UN Role in         This working paper discusses the governance                  https://unu.edu/cpr/
Governing Foundation         challenges posed by foundation AI models like GPT-           working-paper/towards-un-
Artificial Intelligence      4. It recommends that the UN focus on norm and               role-governing-foundation-
Models (2023)                consensus-building rather than technical regulation,         artificial-intelligence-models
                             emphasizing equitable benefits distribution and
                             international convergence on best practices.




                                                                                                                           111
Technical

Appendix
                  2024 UN E-Government Survey



                  16. List of UN online research volunteers, responding countries and cities
                  to MSQ and LGQ
                  Table 19           List of online researchers



                   Abdulrahman Jean-Samuel Bonsenge-Bokanga       Abraham Selby                Adam Šíma
                   Adel Alareba                                            “sz
                                                                  Adrienn Bo                   Aisha Ayyad
                   Aishath Celestine Donovan-Bradley              Aissata Elisa Maria Campos   Alanood Alwahaibi
                   Alejandro Clastornik                           Alexia de Roode Torres       Amadou OURY Diallo
                   Amal Salah Janahi                              Amanda Zuze                  Aminath Nihan
                   Amirjon Abdukodirov                            Anchal Manchanda             Andrea Vinelli
                   Andrés Villar                                  Angel Zundel                 Anita Adhikari
                   Anna Sobota                                    Annette Murigi               Antons Miscenko
                   Asim Omran                                     Asmaa Nabil                  Assane Igodoe
                   Audrey Kianjaya                                Baigorria Emman Zisko        Barry Hamblin
                   Basnet Pema                                    Batzorig Tuvshinjargal       Begench Bayramov
                   Botagoz Kairatkyzy                             Canicave Rim                 Caroline Echea
                   Charmaine Distor                               Chuyi Lu                     Courage Chakanza
                   Daniel Mordeki                                 Dean Ross                    Deborah Marconcini Bittar
                   EL AID BLAILI                                  Eden Laura                   Edith Williams
                   Eduardo Tejada                                 Elena Ricci                  Elizabeth Chatora
                   Elizabeth Niland                               Emma Hevlund                 Emma Le
                   Emmanuel Merson Dioceli Flores                 Essa Dayhan Daguer Barham    Esther-Maria Rohde
                   Eun Young Jung                                 Eva Bolza-Schünemann         Faniel Hagos
                   Fatema Alhamed                                 Fathia Assakina              Fatima Zahra El Azizi
                   Feda Muhammad                                  Fleur BELINGA                Galina Limorenko
                   Gaurav Madawela                                Georgiadis Samuel            Gjokaj Soumaya
                   Gladys Besona                                  Hadja Keita                  Hadjaratou Hamani
                   Hansali Dissanayake                            Harry Sailale                Hsu Mon Kyaw
                   ISMAEL SANDA                                   Ibrahim Atta                 Illugi Hjaltalin
                   Ilyas Ouirdaoui                                Ioana Alexandra Trifa        Isaac Aaron
                   Isaac Henries                                  Isabel Susino                Ivana Jezkova
                   Jakhongir Berkinov                             Jari Linikko                 Jasmina Mulic
                   Jelissa Rodríguez                              Jerome Idinin Adjimoti       Jessica W. L. Ware
                   Jingyi Jiang                                   Johanna Michell Chavez       Joseph Hendrikx
                   Joseph Lwanga                                  Joyeuse Tuyizere             Juan Wen
                   Kabanga Deo                                    Kareem Altakee               Katerina Mansour
                   Kelvin Luyako                                  Khadijatou Suso              Khammassi Pau Vidal Gil
                   Kie Okamoto                                    Konassandé Jaya              Krishna Pavan Challa
                   Ksenia Kumanina                                Lamija Balta                 Laura Hermann
                   Laura Karmacsi                                 Liel Gold                    Liisa Kohonen
                   Lina Coronado                                  Lithakazi Mkombe             Liyana Arlouskaya
                   Lorena Belenky                                 Lousine Aroyan               Luis Mena
                   Magdalena ciesielska                           Mahdi Sadeghiha              Maitha Alamimi
                   Maksim Padbiarozkin                            Malika Gozikhonova           Manoek Sam
                   Margarit Baburyan                              Mariami Bitsadze             Mariglent Jazi



            112
                                                                                           Technical

                                                                                           Appendix

Table 19          (continued)



Marina Manakhova                Mario Mendoza             Mario von Ahn
Marisa Simbiak                  Marsel Nurbolotov         Marta Rocha
Martina Astorga                 Maryam Elsherif           Maëlle Délen
Moamal Ghalib                   Mohamed Abdullahi         Mohammed Bilal Wali
Mon Kyaw Su Maung               Muhammad Danial Lim Ong   Naci Karkin
Nasser Anda Garba               Natalja Cekalina          Natasha Rumbidzai Rupiya
Nicole Boudassou Baez           Nicole Mkandla            Nikki Camilleri
Nikolaj Storm Petersen          Nneoma Ojike              Nomenatiana Bakoalijaona
Nurmuhammet Annayev             OJEI EMEKE COLLINS        Olena Shkarpitna
Olivia Morra                    Oscar Oldbury-Swift       Parviz Melibaev
Patricia Moreno Gaona           Paulina Robles Rubio      Petya Barzilska
Pranjal Gautam                  Prof. Karim Hamza         Rachael Purcell
Rafika Arsyad                   Riyadh Fadhl              Roberta Spiteri
Rukhsara Babayeva               Rumen Stefanov            Ryan Ang
Sam Verebes                     Sandra Kolb               Saumya Mehta
Scotia Haig                     Serge Banga               Sharon Zuckerman
Shashveena Shamira Shafa        Sim Ti Richard            Sohaib Hamza Ekshiekh
Sot Liachnis                    Soumaya Gjokaj            Sven Simikin
Séckou Amadou Alpha Coly        Tensae Endrias            Thien Tran
Thomas Nordbø Heyeraas          Tiblet Kelemwork          Unurtsetseg Boldbaatar
Uriel Maldonado Zamudio         Vasyl Kunychka            Wantinèki Diane
Won Fy Lee                      Xuewei Liao               Yasmine Elsherif
Yasmine Jawad                   Yousif El Ashi            Yudit Agni Puspitarini
Zaidullah Zahid                 Zala Terlep Rogelj        Zosheen Riaz
labidi aya




                                                                                     113
Technical

Appendix
                  2024 UN E-Government Survey


                  Table 20          Responding countries to Member States Questionnaire (MSQ)



                   Albania                            Greece                             Republic of Moldova
                   Algeria                            Germany                            Russian Federation
                   Antigua and Barbuda                Guatemala                          Samoa
                   Argentina                          Gambia                             Saudi Arabia
                   Armenia                            Hungary                            Serbia
                   Australia                          Honduras                           Seychelles
                   Austria                            Kiribati                           Singapore
                   Azerbaijan                         Italy                              Slovenia
                   Bahamas                            Ireland                            Somalia
                   Bahrain                            Iraq                               Spain
                   Bangladesh                         Iran (Islamic Republic of)         Sri Lanka
                   Belgium                            Indonesia                          Sweden
                   Belize                             India                              Switzerland
                   Benin                              Jordan                             Syrian Arab Republic
                   Bhutan                             Japan                              Thailand
                   Bolivia (Plurinational State of)   Kyrgyzstan                         Tonga
                   Bosnia and Herzegovina             Kuwait                             Trinidad and Tobago
                   Brazil                             Kazakhstan                         Türkiye
                   Brunei Darussalam                  Luxembourg                         Tuvalu
                   Burkina Faso                       Liechtenstein                      United Arab Emirates
                   Cabo Verde                         Lebanon                            United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
                   Cambodia                           Latvia                             United Republic of Tanzania
                   Canada                             Lao People's Democratic Republic   Uruguay
                   Chile                              Myanmar                            Uzbekistan
                   China                              Morocco                            Viet Nam
                   Costa Rica                         Montenegro                         Yemen
                   Croatia                            Mongolia
                   Cuba                               Monaco
                   Cyprus                             Mauritius
                   Czech Republic                     Mauritania
                   Denmark                            Malta
                   Dominican Republic                 Malaysia
                   Ecuador                            Oman
                   Egypt                              Pakistan
                   Estonia                            Panama
                   Eswatini                           Paraguay
                   Ethiopia                           Peru
                   Estonia                            Philippines
                   Eswatini                           Poland
                   Ethiopia                           Portugal
                   Finland                            Qatar
                   Fiji                               Republic of Korea




            114
                                                                                                                     Technical

                                                                                                                     Appendix

Table 21         Responding cities to Local Government Questionnaire (LGQ)




Addis Ababa (Ethiopia)       Algiers (Algeria)                   Almaty (Kazakhstan)
Amman (Jordan)               Apia (Samoa)                        Baghdad (Iraq)
Baku (Azerbaijan)            Bangkok (Thailand)                  Belize City (Belize)
Berlin (Germany)             Bogota (Colombia)                   Brussels (Belgium)
Casablanca (Morocco)         City of Tallinn (Estonia)           Colombo (Sri Lanka)
                             Dar Es Salaam (United Republic of   Dhaka (Dhaka North City Corporation)
Cotonou (Benin)
                             Tanzania)                           (Bangladesh)
Doha (Qatar)                 Dubai (United Arab Emirates)        Dublin (Ireland)
Guatemala (Guatemala)        Havana (Cuba)                       Jakarta (Indonesia)
                                                                 London (United Kingdom of Great Britain and
Karachi (Pakistan)           Kuala Lumpur (Malaysia)
                                                                 Northern Ireland)
Manama (Bahrain)             Mbabane (Eswatini)                  Monaco (Monaco)
Montevideo (Uruguay)         Moscow (Russian Federation)         Mumbai (India)
Niamey (Niger)               Nicosia (Cyprus)                    Nouakchott (Mauritania)
Ouagadougou (Burkina Faso)   Port Louis (Mauritius)              Riyadh (Saudi Arabia)
                             Santo Domingo (Dominican
Roma (Italy)                                                     Singapore (Singapore)
                             Republic)
São Paulo (Brazil)           Tashkent (Uzbekistan)               Tel Aviv (Israel)
Thimphu Thromde
                             Tirana (Albania)                    Tokyo (Japan)
(Municipality)(Bhutan)
Vienna (Austria)             Yangon (Myanmar)                    Yerevan (Armenia)




                                                                                                               115
Technical

Appendix
                     2024 UN E-Government Survey




                  This thirteenth edition of the United Nations E-Government Survey,
                  released in 2024, provides a comprehensive assessment of the digital
                  government landscape across all 193 Member States. The 2024
                  Survey highlights a significant upward trend in the development of
                  digital government worldwide, with increased investment in resilient
                  infrastructure and cutting-edge technologies. The global average value
                  of the E-Government Development Index (EGDI) shows substantial
                  improvement, with the proportion of the population lagging in digital
                  government development decreasing from 45.0 per cent in 2022 to
                  22.4 per cent in 2024.

                  Despite significant progress in digital government development, the
                  EGDI averages for the African region, least developed countries, and
                  small island developing States remain below the global average,
                  underscoring the need for targeted efforts to bridge existing gaps.

                  At the local level, the Survey continues to assess city portals using the
                  Local Online Services Index (LOSI). The LOSI findings reflect steady
                  progress but also highlight persistent disparities between national
                  and local e-government performance, pointing to the need for focused
                  initiatives to strengthen digital government at the municipal level.

                  This edition introduces the new Digital Government Model Framework,
                  providing countries with a comprehensive road map for the effective
                  planning, implementation and assessment of digital government
                  initiatives.

                  A short addendum explores the integration of artificial intelligence (AI)
                  in digital government development, emphasizing the importance
                  of maximizing benefits and minimizing risks to achieve balanced
                  governance.


                                                                                     ISBN 978-92-1-00326-67




            116
